Provided that if such compensation or any part thereof is not paid or deposited within a period of one year from the date on which possession is taken , interest at the rate of fifteen per centum per annum shall be payable from the date of expiry of the said period of one year on the amount of compensation or part thereof which has not been paid or deposited before the date of such expiry . ” 7 . In Pune Municipal Corporation ( supra ) , a Coordinate bench of this Court decided the question as to , “ whether a deposit in the Treasury amounts to compensation being “ paid ” under Section 24(2 ) of the 2013 Act ? ” In that case , the landowners challenged the acquisition proceedings under Section 24(2 ) of the 2013 Act on the ground that the award was made over five years prior to the commencement of the 2013 Act , and that no compensation was paid to the landowners or deposited in Court . The State contended that as the landowners did not appear on the notified date to accept compensation and did not file an application for a reference under Section 18 of the 1894 Act , the State deposited the compensation amount in the Treasury . The Court , on examining the rival contentions , interpreted Section 24(2 ) of the 2013 Act in light of Section 31 of the 1894 Act to hold that where the landowners do not accept compensation pursuant to the Collector 's award , the compensation is “ paid ” only when it is deposited “ in Court ” . If compensation is not deposited in Court in such a case , it will not be considered as having been “ paid ” as per Section 24(2 ) of the 2013 Act , and the acquisition proceedings lapse ( provided that the award was made five years or more prior to the commencement of the 2013 Act ) . The relevant paragraphs are extracted hereunder , “ 17 . While enacting Section 24(2 ) , Parliament definitely had in its view Section 31 of the 1894 Act . From that one thing is clear that it did not intend to equate the word “ paid ” to “ offered ” or “ tendered ” . But at the same time , we do not think that by use of the word “ paid ” , Parliament intended receipt of compensation by the landowners / persons interested . In our 208