follows , " 5 . The contention of the learned counsel appearing for the respondents is that whoever approached the Haryana Urban Development Authority or the competent authority has been paid compensation and since the appellants failed to approach the quarters concerned for the compensation , they can not be granted any relief . We find this contention difficult to appreciate . When a land is compulsorily acquired , it is for the requisitioning authority to make the payment and does not require the landowner to come and receive the payment . 6 . As and when land is taken over by way of acquisition , the landowner has to be compensated with the amount of compensation duly determined under the Act . In case there is any dispute as to who is to be paid the amount , the same is to be deposited in Court in terms of Section 31 of the 1894 Act . In this case before us , the stand of the requisitioning authority , namely , Haryana Development Authority is that the money is ready with them and it is for the landowner to come and receive the payment . This stand is not permissible under the law . It is for the authorities concerned to pay the money and take the land and in case there is any dispute as to whom the money should be paid , then the same has to be deposited in Court . ” 11 . | Various High Courts have followed Pune Municipal Corporation ( supra ) . The High Court of Punjab and Haryana in Maharana Partap Charitable Trust v. State of Haryana ( CWP No . 6860 of 2007 ) held that Section 24(2 ) applied even where landowners have refused to accept compensation . 12 . As per Section 24(2 ) of the 2013 Act , the proceedings lapse in one of the following situations : ( i ) when possession is not taken ( even if compensation is paid ) , or{ii ) when compensation is not paid ( even if possession is taken ) , or ( iii ) when neither compensation is paid , nor possession is taken . This leads me to the issue of how to interpret the “ payment ” of compensation : i.e. whether , deposit into the Treasury and not in the Court , can constitute “ payment . ” 212