by this Court in the above referred case has no application to the fact situation on hand in view of the clear statement of law laid down by this Court in the above referred cases after interpreting the provisions of the 2013 Act and therefore , the reliance placed upon the said decision is misplaced . 21 . In Sree Balaji Nagar Residential Association ( supra ) , it was opined that after adverting to the decisions of the Privy Council and this Court , that Section 24(2 ) of the 2013 Act does not exclude any period during which the land acquisition proceedings might have remained stayed on account of stay or injunction or " status quo " order regarding possession of the land granted by any court . It was conclusively held that the Legislature has consciously omitted to extend the period of five years indicated in Section 24(2 ) of the 2013 Act , even if the proceedings had been delayed on account of an order of stay or injunction granted by a court of law or for any reason . ” 49 . Various High Courts have followed suit , such as the High Court of Punjab and Haryana in Maharana Partap Charitable Trust ( supra ) wherein it held that the principle of “ actus curiae neminemgravabit ” has no application to the provisions of Section 24(2 ) of the 2013 Act and as per the law laid down by the Supreme Court in Shiv Raj , Pune Municipal Corporation and Sree Balaji Nagar Residential Association , the period of stay granted by the Courts is not to be excluded for determining the period of 5 years under Section 24(2 ) of the 2013 Act . 50 . ‘ In my opinion , all these cases which followed Sree Balaji ( supra ) require to be revisited . It is not a wilful decision by the State to delay taking possession — it has to abide by the interim orders of the Court . Interpreting the omission as referred to in paragraph 11 of Sree Balaji ( supra ) to mean a default inclusion of periods of stay in the calculation of 5 years will lead tofar - reaching consequences , namely that the State is faulted for something that is out of its control . Large amounts of public money will go to waste . An omission in the statute to exclude periods of stay orders should not necessarily mean by default that such periods are not excluded . 236