the Receiver or pass such other order which may meet the interest of justice . This may prevent further injury to the Plaintiff in whose favour decree is passed and to protect the property including further alienation . 174 . In Padmawati v. Harijan Sewak Sangh CM ( Main ) No . 449 of 2002 decided by the Delhi High Court on 6.11.2008 , the court held as under : “ 6 . The case at hand shows that frivolous defences and frivolous litigation is a calculated venture involving no risks situation . You have only to engage professionals to prolong the litigation so as to deprive the rights of a person and enjoy the fruits of illegalities . I consider that in such cases where Court finds that using the Courts as a tool , a litigant has perpetuated illegalities or_has perpetuated _ an illegal possession , the Court must impose costs on such litigants which should be equal to the benefits derived by the litigant and harm and deprivation suffered by the rightful person so as to check the frivolous litigation and prevent the people from reaping a rich harvest of illegal acts through the Court . One of the aims of every judicial system has to be to discourage unjust enrichment using Courts as a tool . The costs imposed by the Courts must in all cases should be the real costs equal to deprivation suffered by the rightful person . ’ We approve the findings of the High Court of Delhi in the aforementioned case . 175 . The High Court also stated : ( Padmavati case [ ( 2008 ) 154 DLT 411 ] , DLT pp . 414 - 415 , para 9 ) " 9 . Before parting with this case , we consider it necessary to observe that one of the main reasons for over - flowing of court dockets is the frivolous litigation in which the Courts are engaged by the litigants and which is dragged as long as possible . Even if these litigants ultimately loose the lis , they become the real victors and have the last laugh . This class of people who perpetuate illegal acts by obtaining stays and injunctions from the Courts must be made to pay the sufferer not only the entire illegal gains made by them 169