The Land Acquisition ( Kerala ) Rules , 1990 read as follows , “ 413 . ( 2 ) In case the awardees or their authorised agents fail to appear and accept the award or fail to apply for a reference to court under Section 18 , the amount due shall be paid into the treasury as Revenue Deposit payable to the persons to whom it is respectively due and vouched for in Form E. A notice intimating the deposit of the amount into the Treasury shall also be served on all the awardees and interested persons in Form No.11 . ” The Punjab Standing Order No . 28 of 1909 , applied to Delhi and Punjab reads as follows , “ 75 . ( V ) In giving notice of the award Under Section 12(2 ) and tendering payment Under Section 31(1 ) to such of the persons interested as were not present personally or by their representatives when the award was made , the officer shall require them to appear personally or by representatives by a certain date to receive payment of the compensation awarded to them , intimating also that no interest will be allowed to them if they fail to appear , if they do not appear and do not apply for a reference to the civil court Under Section 18 , the officer shall after any further endeavours to secure their attendance that may seem desirable , cause the amounts due to be paid to the treasury as revenue deposited payable to the persons to whom they are respectively due and vouched for in the Form marked E below . The officer shall also give notice to the payees of such deposits , specifying the treasury in which the deposit has been made . ..... ” 20 . The Punjab Standing Order No . 28 of 1909 was considered by this Court in the case of Sukhbir Singh ( supra ) , wherein it was observed that the said Standing Order provides for five modes of payment of compensation . The last one , namely , the payment of compensation into the Treasury , is for cases where the landowners fail to appear to receive their compensation . When such payment is made into the Treasury , the landowners for whom the deposits are made are required to be served with a notice of the deposits as well as the Treasury in which such deposits are made . The same provision with respect to issuing of notice to non - appearing landowners is made in the 220