37 . | The judgment in Pune Municipal Corporation ( supra ) is the first judgment on the issue in question by a three - Judge Bench of this Court . Hence , it can not also be concluded that the decision in Pune Municipal Corporation ( supra ) is not in consonance with the relevant line of decisions rendered by this Court earlier . Having gone through the judgment in Pune Municipal Corporation ( supra ) , it can not be said that the said judgment is through want of care or inadvertence . 38 . — In view of the discussion made supra , | conclude that | respectfully differ with the judgment in Pune Municipal Corporation ( supra ) and agree with the conclusion reached by my learned brothers . However , | may not subscribe to the views of my learned brothers that the judgment in Pune Municipal Corporation ( supra ) is rendered per incuriam . 39 . | Hence , the proper course for me in light of my reasoning and opinion is to refer the matter to a larger Bench . In Sant Lal Gupta v. Modern Cooperative Group Housing Society Ltd. , ( 2010 ) 13 SCC 336 this Court observed as under : “ 17 . A coordinate bench can not comment upon the discretion exercised or judgment rendered by another coordinate bench of the same court . The rule of precedent is binding for the reason that there is a desire to secure uniformity and certainty in law . Thus , in judicial administration precedents which enunciate the rules of law form the foundation of the administration of justice under our system . Therefore , it has always been insisted that the decision of a coordinate bench must be followed . ( Vide : TribhovandasPurshottamdas Thakkar v. Ratilal Motilal Patel . AIR 1968 SC 372 , Sub - Committee of Judicial Accountability v Union of India . ( 1992 ) 4 SCC 97 , and State of Tripura v. Tripura Bar Association ( 1998 ) 5 SCC 637 . 18 . In Rajasthan Public Services Commission v. Harish Kumar Purohit ( 2003 ) 5 SCC 480 , this Court held that a Bench must follow the decision of a coordinate Bench and take the same view as has been taken earlier . The earlier decision of the coordinate Bench is binding upon any latter coordinate Bench deciding the same or similar issues . If the latter Bench wants to take a different view that that taken by the earlier Bench , 228