is a settled proposition of law that law does not expect a party to do the impossible . It was urged that the maxim ‘ impossibilium nullaobligatio est ’ would come to the rescue of State authorities in such cases . The doctrine has been dealt with by this Court in Chander Kishore Jha v. Mahabir Prasad ( 1999 ) 8 SCC 266 thus : “ 13 . In our opinion insofar as an election petition is concerned , proper presentation of an election petition in the Patna High Court can only be made in the manner prescribed by Rule 6 of Chapter XXI - E. No other mode of presentation of an election petition is envisaged under the Act or the Rules thereunder and therefore , an election petition could , under no circumstances , be presented to the Registrar to save the period of limitation . It is a well - settled salutary principle that if a statute provides for a thing to be done in a particular manner , then it has to be done in that manner and in no other manner . [ See with advantage : Nazir Ahmad v. King Emperor ; Rao Shiv Bahadur Singh and Anr . v. State of Vindhya Pradesh 1954 CriLJ 910 State of Uttar Pradesh v. Singhara Singh and Ors . [ 1964 ] 4 SCR 485 . An election petition under the Rules could only have been presented in the open Court upto 16.5.1995 till 4.15 P.M. ( working hours of the Court ) in the manner prescribed by Rule 6 ( supra ) either to the Judge or the Bench as the case may be to save the period of limitation . That , however , was not done . However , we can not ignore that the situation in the present case was not of the making of the appellant . Neither the designated election Judge before whom the election petition could be formally presented in the open Court nor the Bench hearing civil applications and motions was admittedly available on 16.5.1995 after 3.15 P.M. , after the Obituary Reference since admittedly the Chief Justice of the High Court had declared that " the Court shall not sit for the rest of the day " after 3.15 P.M. Law does not expect a party to do the impossible - Impossible nulla obligation est -- As in the instant case , the election petition could not be filed on 16.5.1995 during the Court hours , as far all intent and purposes , the Court was closed on 16.5.1995 after 3.15 P.M. ” 139