results which could not have been intended by the Legislature . " An intention to produce an unreasonable result " , said Danckwerts , L.J. , in Artemiou v. Procopiou ( 1966 1 QB 878 ) , " is not to be imputed to a statute if there is some other construction available " . Where to apply words literally would " defeat the obvious intention of the legislation and produce a wholly unreasonable result " we must " do some violence to the words " and so achieve that obvious intention and produce a rational construction . [ Per Lord Reid in Luke v. I.R.C. 1966 AC 557 where at p. 577 he also observed : " this is not a new problem , though our standard of drafting is such that it rarely emerges " . ] 16 . The plea relating to applicability of the stare decisis principles is clearly unacceptable . The decision in K. Chinnathambi Gounder ( supra ) was rendered on 22.6.1979 i.e. much prior to the amendment by 1984 Act . If the Legislature intended to give a new lease of life in those cases where the declaration under Section 6 is quashed , there is no reason why it could not have done so by specifically providing for it . The fact that legislature specifically provided for periods covered by orders of stay or injunction clearly shows that no other period was intended to be excluded and that there is no scope for providing any other period of limitation . The maxim ‘ actus curiae neminem _ gravabit ' highlighted by the Full Bench of the Madras High Court has no application to the fact situation of this case . 17 . The view expressed in Narasimhaiah 's case ( supra ) and Nanjudaiah 's case ( supra ) , is not correct and is over - ruled while that expressed in A.S. Naidu 's case ( supra ) and Oxford 's case ( supra ) is affirmed . ” In Padma Sundara Rao ( supra ) , this court considered the period of limitation for issuance of declaration under section 6 of the Act of 1894 . It was observed that the language of section 6 was plain and unambiguous ; there was no scope for reading something into it , as had been done in N. Narasimhaiah v. State of Karnataka ,