Under the amended sub - section 3(a)of the Act , the Deputy Commissioner shall , within 90 days from September 1 , 1970 make reference under Section 18 to the Civil Court which he failed to do . Consequently , by operation of subsection 3(b ) with the expiry of the aforestated 90 days , the cause of action had accrued to the respondents to make an application to the Civil Court with a prayer to direct the Deputy Commissioner to make a reference . There is no period of limitation prescribed in subsection 3(b ) to make that application but it should be done within limitation prescribed by the Schedule to the Limitation Act . Since no Article expressly prescribed the limitation to make such application , the residuary article under Article 137 of the Schedule to the Limitation Act gets attracted . Thus , it could be seen that in the absence of any special period of limitation prescribed by clause ( b ) of subsection ( 3 ) of Section 18 of the Act , the application should have been made within three years from the date of expiry of 90 days prescribed in Section 18(3 ) ( b ) i.e. the date on which cause of action had accrued to the respondent - claimant . Since the applications had been admittedly made beyond three years , it was clearly barred by limitation . Since , the High Court relied upon the case in Municipal Corporation of Athani,(1969 ) ILLJ651SC , which has — stood overruled , the order of the High Court is unsustainable . " This position is also supported by the reasoning in Kerala State Electricity Board v. T.P. Kunhaliumma , 1977 ] 1 SCR 996 . It may be seen that under the Central Act sans the Karnataka amendment there was no right to approach the principal civil court of original jurisdiction to compel a reference and no time limit was also fixed for making such an approach . All that was required of a claimant was to make an application for reference within six weeks of the award or the notice of the award , as the case may be . But obviously the State Legislature thought it necessary to provide a time frame for the claimant to make his claim for enhanced compensation and for ensuring an expeditious disposal of the application for reference by the authority under the Act fixing a time within which he is to act and conferring an additional right on the claimant to approach the civil court on satisfying the condition precedent of having made an application for reference within 110