" 17 . It was argued that the words ' commencement of this Act ! should be construed to mean the date on which the moratorium period expired and the Act became applicable to the demised buildings . Such a view would require this Court to give different meanings to the same expression appearing at two places in the same section . The words ' on the date of commencement of this Act ’ in relation to the pendency of the suit would mean 15th July 1972 as held in Om Prakash Gupta ( supra ) but the words ' from such date of commencement ! appearing immediately thereafter in relation to the deposit to be made would have to be construed as the date of actual application of the act at a date subsequent to 15th July 1972 . Ordinarily the rule of construction is that the same expression where it appears more than once in the same statute , more so in the same provision , must receive the same meaning unless the context suggests otherwise Besides , such an interpretation would render the use of prefix ' such ' before the word ‘ commencement ’ redundant . Thirdly such an interpretation would run counter to the view taken by this Court in Atma Ram Mittal 's case ( supra ) wherein it was held that no man can be made to suffer because of the court 's fault or court 's delay in the disposal of the suit . To put it differently if the suit could be _ disposed _ of within the period of ten years , the tenant would not be entitled to the protection of Section 39 but if the suit_is prolonged beyond ten years the tenant would be entitled to such protection . Such an interpretation would encourage the tenant to protract the litigation and if he succeeds in delaying the disposal of the suit till the expiry of ten years he would secure the benefit of Section 39 , otherwise not . We are , therefore , of the opinion that it is not possible to uphold the argument . ” ( emphasis supplied ) A Constitution Bench of this Court in Shyam Sunder & Ors . v. Ram Kumar & Anr . ( 2001 ) 8 SCC 24 , held that substantive rights of the parties are to be examined on the date of the suit unless the legislature makes such rights retrospective . This Court 121