view , it is not appropriate to give a literal construction to the expression “ paid ” used in this sub - section [ sub - section ( 2 ) of Section 24 ] . If a literal construction were to be given , then it would amount to ignoring procedure , mode and manner of deposit provided in Section 31(2 ) of the 1894 Act in the event of happening of any of the contingencies contemplated therein which may prevent the Collector from making actual payment of compensation . We are of the view , therefore , that for the purposes of Section 24(2 ) , the compensation shall be regarded as “ paid ” if the compensation has been offered to the person interested and such compensation has been deposited in the court where reference under Section 18 can be made on happening of any of the contingencies contemplated under Section 31(2 ) of the 1894 Act . In other words , the compensation may be said to have been “ paid ” within the meaning of Section 24(2 ) when the Collector ( or for that matter Land Acquisition Officer ) has discharged his obligation and deposited the amount of compensation in court and made that amount available to the interested person to be dealt with as provided in Sections 32 and 33 . ” Pune Municipal Corporation ( supra)relied on Prem Nath Kapur v. National Fertilizers Corporation of India Ltd. , ( 1996 ) 2 SCC 71 , wherein it was observed that if compensation had been enhanced , but the enhanced amount was not deposited in Court , Section 34 would be attracted . It held that Section 34 mandates payment of interest if the amount is not deposited “ in Court ” as per Section 31 , and proceeded to conclude as follows , “ 13 . Thus we hold that the liability to pay interest on the amount of compensation determined under Section 23(1 ) continues to subsist until it is paid to the owner or interested person or deposited into court under Section 34 read with Section 31 . Equally , the liability to pay interest on the excess amount of compensation determined by the Civil Court under Section 26 over and above the compensation determined by the Collector / Land Acquisition Officer under Section 11 subsists until it is deposited into court . Propriovigore in case of further enhancement of the compensation on appeal under Section 54 to the extent of the said enhanced excess amount or part thereof , the liability subsists until it is deposited into court . The liability to pay interest ceases on the date on which the deposit into court is made with the amount of compensation so deposited ..... ” 209