by the Government of India . It did not , however , decide whether a stay period should be excluded from the calculation of 5 years under Section 24(2 ) of the 2013 Act . It observed as follows , “ 25 . In order to clarify the statutory provisions of the 2013 Act with respect to such lapsing , the Government of India , Ministry of Urban Development , Delhi Division , came up with a circular dated 14.3.2014 wherein on the basis of the legal opinion of the Solicitor General of India , it has been clarified as under : “ 3 . Interpretation of five years period : “ With regard to this issue viz . interpretation of five years ’ period two situations have been envisaged in cases where the acquisition has been initiated under the Land Acquisition Act , 1894 viz . , ( 1 ) parties whose lands have been acquired have refused to accept the compensation and ( 2 ) parties whose lands have been acquired having just parted with physical possession of the land . However , in both the above situations , as on 1.1.2014 , the period of 5 years would not have ended and in such cases , the advisory seeks to clarify that the new law shall apply only if the situation of pendency continues unchanged for a period that equals to or exceeds five years . In my view , it should be further clarified that in none of the cases the period of five years would have elapsed pursuant to an award made under Section 11 from the date of commencement of the Act and that the benefit of Section 24(2 ) will be available to those cases which are pending and where during pendency , the situation has remained unchanged with physical possession not being handed over or compensation not having been accepted and the period equals to or exceeds five years . 4 . Limitation : As regards this item relating to the period spent during litigation would also be accounted for the purpose of determining whether the period of five years has to be counted or not , it should be clarified that it will apply only to cases where awards were passed under Section 11 of the Land Acquisition Act , 1894 , 5 years or more prior to 1.1.2014 as specified in Section 24(2 ) of the Act , to avoid any ambiguity . Since this legislation has been passed with the objective of benefiting the land - losers , this interpretation is consistent with that objective and also added as a matter of abundant caution that the period spent in litigation challenging an award can not be excluded for the purpose of determining whether the period of five years has elapsed or not . If the possession has not been taken or compensation has not been paid due to the challenge to the land acquisition proceedings , the pendente lite 234