Company Limited ( 1944 ) All ER 293 the House of Lords observed that ‘ incuria ’ literally means ‘ carelessness ’ . In practice per incuriam appears to mean per ignoratium . English courts have developed this principle in relaxation of the rule of stare decisis . The ‘ quotable in law ' is avoided and ignored if it is rendered in ignoratium of a statute or other binding authority . The same has been accepted , approved and adopted by this court while interpreting Article 141 of the Constitution which embodies the doctrine of precedents as a matter of law . ” 35 . — In my considered opinion , the judgment in Pune Municipal Corporation ( supra ) was not rendered per incuriam , as the conclusion is reached by proceeding in detail on the interpretation of relevant statutory provisions . However , we may not agree with the reasons assigned and conclusions arrived at by the Court in the said judgment . It is no doubt true that the Court inPune Municipal Corporation ( supra ) was not informed about the Rules of certain States framed under Section 55 of the 1894 Act and certain Rules of High Courts on the point regarding deposit to be made in the Treasury . Though the Rules are not adverted to in the case of Pune Municipal Corporation ( supra ) , the discussion as a whole , if looked into , would make it clear that the Court while deciding the said judgment , discussed in detail about the failure to deposit in the Court , so also , about the effect of deposit in Treasury . Hence , in my considered opinion , merely because the Rules of certain States are not considered , the judgment inPune Municipal Corporation ( supra ) can not be termed as per incuriam . |In other words , merely because the Rules are not referred to specifically in the judgment , it can not be said that there is non - consideration of the effect of the Rules . 36 . | may hasten to add here that in the case of Sukhbir Singh ( supra ) , the Court did consider the effect of the Rules framed by Delhi , Punjab and Haryana Governments . But the conclusion rendered in Sukhbir Singh ( supra ) was in conformity with the judgment in Pune Municipal Corporation ( supra ) . 227