55 . | do not see why casus omissus can not be supplied by the Court when the parameters for supplying such casus omissus have been met . There is no bar much less absolute bar on the Court ’s jurisdiction to supply casus omissus . If there is necessity , such omission can be inferred . The grammatical and ordinary sense of the words in the statute must be adhered to unless it would lead to absurdity , repugnance or inconsistency with the rest of the instrument . One of the earliest cases that discussed supplying casus omissus in cases of necessity was CIT v. National Taj Traders , ( 1980 ) 1 SCC 370 where a two - Judge bench of this Court held as follows , “ 10 . Two principles of construction - one relating to casus omissus and the other in regard to reading the statute as a whole - appear to be well settled . In regard to the former the following statement of law appears in Maxwell on Interpretation of Statutes ( 12th Edn . ) at page 33 : Omissions not to be inferred-"It is a corollary to the general rule of literal construction that nothing is to be added to or taken from a statute unless there are adequate grounds to justify the inference that the legislature intended something which it omitted to express . Lord Mersey said : ' It is a strong thing to read into an Act of Parliament words which are not there , and in the absence of clear necessity it is a wrong thing to do . ' ' We are not entitled , ’ said Lords Loreburn L.C. , ' to read words into an Act of Parliament unless clear reason for it is to be found within the four corners of the Act itself . ' A case not provided for in a statute is not to be dealt with merely because there seems no good reason why it should have been omitted , and the omission in consequence to have been unintentional . " In regard to the latter principle the following statement of law appears in Maxwell at page 47 : A statute is to be read as a whole-"It was resolved in the case of Lincoln College [ ( 1595 ) 3 Co. Rep. 58b , at p. 59b ] that the good expositor of an Act of Parliament should ' make construction on all the parts together , and not of one part only by itself . ’ Every clause of a statute is to ' be construed with reference to the context and other clauses of the Act , so as , as far as possible , to make a 239