The jurisdiction to make restitution is inherent in every court and will be exercised whenever the justice of the case demands . It will be exercised under inherent powers where the case did not strictly fall within the ambit of Section 144 . Section 144 opens with the words " Where and in so far as a decree or an order is varied or reversed in any appeal , revision or other proceeding or is set aside or modified in any suit instituted for the purpose , . " . The instant case may not strictly fall within the terms of Section 144 , but the aggrieved party in such a case can appeal to the larger and_general powers of restitution inherent in every court . 173 . This Court in Marshall Sons and Company ( I ) Ltd. v. Sahi Oretrans ( P ) Ltd. and Anr . ( 1999 ) 2 SCC 325 observed as under : From the narration of the facts , though it appears to us , prima facie , that a decree in favour of the Appellant is not being executed for some reason or the other , we do not think it proper at this stage to direct the Respondent to deliver the possession to the Appellant since the suit filed by the Respondent is still pending . It is true that proceedings are dragged for a long time on one count or the other and on occasion become highly technical accompanied by unending prolixity , at every stage providing a legal trap to the unwary . Because _ of the delay , unscrupulous parties to the proceedings take undue advantage and person who is in _ wrongful possession draws delight in delay in disposal of the cases by taking undue advantage of procedural complications . It is also known fact that after obtaining a decree for possession of immovable property , its execution takes long time . In such a situation for protecting the interest of judgment creditor , it is necessary to pass appropriate order so that reasonable mesneprofit which may be equivalent to the market rent is paid by a person who is holding over the property . In appropriate cases , Court may appoint Receiver and direct the person who is holding over the property to act as an agent of the Receiver with a direction to deposit the royalty amount fixed by 168