found in the four corners of the statute itself but at the same time a casus omissus should not be readily inferred and for that purpose all the parts of a_statute_or section must be construed together and every clause of a section should be construed with reference to the context and other clauses thereof so that the construction to be put on a particular provision makes a consistent enactment of the whole statute . This would be more so if literal construction of a particular clause leads to manifestly absurd or anomalous results which could not have been intended by the Legislature . " An intention to produce an unreasonable result " , said Danckwerts , L.J. , in Artemiou v. Procopiou ( 1966 1 QB 878 ) , " is not to be imputed to a statute if there is some other construction available " . Where to apply words literally would " defeat the obvious intention of the legislation and produce a wholly unreasonable result " , we must " do some violence to the words " and so achieve that obvious intention and produce a rational construction . [ Per Lord Reid in Luke v. I.R.C. ( 1963 AC 557 ) where at p. 577 he also observed : " this is not a new problem , though our standard of drafting is such that it rarely emerges " . ] 16 . The plea relating to applicability of the stare decisis principles is clearly unacceptable . The decision in K ChinnathambiGounder v. State of Tamil Nadu [ AIR 1980 MAD 251]was rendered on 22.6.1979 i.e. much prior to the amendment by the 1984 Act . If the Legislature intended to give a new lease of life in those cases where the declaration under Section 6 is quashed , there is no reason why it could not have done so by specifically providing for it . The fact that legislature specifically provided for periods covered by orders of stay or injunction clearly shows that no other period was intended to be excluded and that there is no scope for providing any other period of limitation . The maxim ‘ actus curia neminemgravibit ' highlighted by the Full Bench of the Madras High Court has no application to the fact situation of this case . ” ( emphasis supplied ) The reasoning in Padma Sundara Rao ( supra ) regarding casus omissus was followed verbatim in a catena of cases , including Shiv Shakti Coop . Housing Society , Nagpur v. Swaraj Developers and Ors . , ( 2003 ) 6 SCC 659 , Union of India v. Dharamendra Textile Processors , ( 2008 ) 13 SCC 369 and recently inEera through Dr. Manjula Krippendorf v. State ( Govt . of NCT of Delhi ) & Anr , 2017 ( 8) SCALE 112 . 47 . In Union of India v. Shiv Raj , ( 2014 ) 6 SCC 564 a Coordinate bench of this Court held that the period of litigation can not be excluded , as per a clarification issued 233