“ 25 . That the word " vest " is a word of variable import is shown by provisions of Indian statutes also . For example , s. 56 of the Provincial Insolvency Act ( 5 of 1920 ) empowers the court at the time of the making of the order of adjudication or thereafter to appoint a receiver for the property of the insolvent and further provides that " such property shall thereupon vest in the receiver . " The property vests in the receiver for the purpose of administering the estate of the insolvent for the payment of his debts after realising his assets . The property of the insolvent vests in the receiver not for all purposes but only for the purpose of the Insolvency Act and the receiver has no interest of his own in the property . On the other hand , Sections 16 and 17 of the Land Acquisition Act ( Act I of 1894 ) , provide that the property so acquired , upon the happening of certain events , shall " vest absolutely in the Government free from all encumbrances " . In the cases contemplated by Sections , 16 and 17 the property acquired becomes the property of Government without any conditions or limitations either as to title or possessions . The legislature has made it clear that the vesting of the property is not for any limited purpose or limited duration . It would thus appear that the word " vest " has not got a fixed connotation , meaning in all cases that the property is owned by the person or the authority in whom it vests . It may vest in title , or it may vest in possession , or it may vest in a limited sense , as indicated in the context in which it may have been used in a particular piece of legislation . The provisions of the Improvement Act , particularly Sections 45 to 49 and 54 and 54A when they speak of a certain building or street or square or other land vesting in a municipality or other local body or in a trust , do not necessarily mean that ownership has passed to any of them . ” 81(e ) . In Mosammat Bibi Sayeeda v. State of Bihar ( 1996 ) 9 SCC 516 , the concept of “ vest ” has been discussed thus : “ 17 . The word ‘ vested ’ is defined in Black 's Law Dictionary ( 6th Edn . ) at p. 1563 as : “ Vested ; fixed ; accrued ; settled ; absolute ; complete . Having the character or given the rights of absolute ownership ; not contingent ; not subject to be defeated by a condition precedent . ” 85