87(i ) . In Om Prakash Verma & Ors . v. State of Andhra Pradesh & Ors . ( 2010 ) 13 SCC 158 , this Court observed : “ 85 . As pointed out earlier , the expression ‘ civil appeals are allowed ’ carry only one meaning , i.e. , the judgment of the High Court is set aside and the writ petitions are dismissed . Moreover , the determination of surplus land based on the declaration of owners has become final long back . The notifications issued under Section 10 of the Act and the panchanama taken possession are also final . On behalf of the State , it was asserted that the possession of surplus land was taken on 20.07.1993 and the Panchanama was executed showing that the possession has been taken . It is signed by witnesses . We have perused the details which are available in the paper book . It is settled law that where possession is to be taken of a large tract of land then it is permissible to take possession by a properly executed Panchanama . [ videSita Ram Bhandar Society , New Delhi v. Lieutenant Governor , Govt . of NCT , Delhi ( 2009 ) 10 SCC 501 ] . 86 . It is not in dispute that the Panchnama has not been questioned in any proceedings by any of the appellants . Though it is stated that Chanakyapuri Cooperative Society is in possession at one stage and ShriVenkateshawar Enterprises was given possession by the owners and possession was also given to Golden Hill Construction Corporation and thereafter it was given to the purchasers , the fact remains that the owners are not in possession . In view of the same , the finding of the High Court that the possession was taken by the State legally and validly through a Panchnama is absolutely correct and deserves to be upheld . ” 87(j ) , In M. Venkatesh & Ors . v. Commissioner , Bangalore Development Authority etc . ( 2015 ) 17 SCC 1 , a three - Judge Bench of this Court has opined : “ 17 . To the same effect are the decisions of this Court in Ajay Krishan Shinghal v. Union of India , Mahavir v. Rural Institute , Gian Chand v. Gopala , Meera Sahni vy . Lt . Governor 99