provision consistent with the rest of the Act , if need be , by supplying meaning to such provision . In the present case , there are many provisions in the 2013 Act which exclude periods of interim stay , such as Section 19(7 ) and the Explanation to Section 69(2 ) of that Act . It only makes the statute more consistent if Section 24(2 ) is read in light of other provisions such as Section 19(7 ) and the Explanation to Section 69(2 ) , which make interim stay orders exceptions to calculating periods of time under the Act . In this way , repugnancy and inconsistency with the rest of the statute is avoided . There is a clear necessity to read the exclusion of interim stay into Section 24(2 ) of the 2013 Act so as to make its meaning consistent with the rest of the enactment , where in similar situations the periods of stay are excluded . 57 . As has been held by this Court in Amarjeet Singh v. Devi Ratan ( 2010 ) 1 SCC 417 , no litigant can derive any benefit from mere pendency of the case in a Court of Law , as the interim order always merges into the final order to be passed in the case and if the writ petition is ultimately dismissed , the interim order stands nullified automatically . A party can not be allowed to take benefit of its own wrongs by getting an interim order and blame the Court . Ultimately , if the writ petition is found to be devoid of any merit , the same would be dismissed . In such a situation , the Court is under an obligation to undo the wrong done to a party by the act of the Court . Any undeserved or unfair advantage gained by the party invoking the jurisdiction of the Court must be neutralized , as the institution of litigation can not be permitted to confer any advantage on a suitor from delayed action by the act of the Court . Nobody shall be permitted to take advantage of his own fault of delaying action . The Court should not permit a litigant to perpetuate the illegality by abusing the legal process . It is the duty of the Court to ensure that dishonesty or any attempt to abuse the legal process must be effectively 241