interim order stands nullified automatically . A party can not be allowed to take any benefit of its own wrongs by getting an interim order and thereafter blame the court . The fact that the writ is found , ultimately , devoid of any merit , shows that a frivolous writ petition had been filed . The maxim actus curiae neminem gravabit , which means that the act_of the court shall prejudice no one , becomes applicable in such a case . In such a fact situation the court is under an obligation to undo the wrong done to a party by the act of the court . Thus , any undeserved or unfair advantage gained by a party invoking the jurisdiction of the court must be neutralised , as the institution of litigation can not be permitted to confer any advantage on a suitor from delayed action by the act of the court ... ’    190 . In consonance with the concept of restitution , it was observed that courts should be careful and pass an order neutralizing the effect of all consequential orders passed in pursuance of the interim orders passed by the court . Such express directions may be necessary to check the rising trend among the litigants to secure the relief as an interim measure and then avoid adjudication on merits . 191 . In consonance with the principle of equity , justice , and good conscience judges should ensure that the legal process is not abused by the litigants in any manner . The court should never permit a litigant to perpetuate illegality by abusing the legal process . It is the bounden duty of the court to ensure that dishonesty and_any attempt to abuse the legal process must be effectively curbed and the court must ensure that there is no wrongful , unauthorized or unjust gain for anyone by the abuse of the process of the court . One way to curb this tendency is to impose realistic costs , which the Respondent or the Defendant has in fact incurred in order to defend himself in the legal proceedings . The courts would be fully justified even imposing punitive costs where legal process has been abused . No one should be permitted to use the judicial process for earning undeserved gains or unjust profits . The court must effectively discourage fraudulent , unscrupulous      171