59 . In Delhi Development Authority v. Sukhbir Singh & Ors . ( 2016 ) 16 SCC 258 . This court with respect to mode under section 31(1 ) has held : “ 18 . Para 73 makes it clear that payment may be accepted either without protest or under protest , and Paragraph 74 makes it clear that there are five methods of making payment . The first four methods are all methods strictly in consonance with Section 31 of the Land Acquisition Act in that they are all direct payments that have to be made to persons ready to accept compensation . This is clear from a reading of sub - paragraphs ( I ) to ( IV ) of paragraph 74 . Even the second method , which is payment by order on the treasury , is a direct method of payment in cases where no officer is specially deputed for acquisition of land . In such cases instead of making a direct payment , a receipt is countersigned making it immediately payable at the treasury to the payee . Otherwise , in certain circumstances , payment is to be made by money order and/or by cheque . When we come to paragraph ( V ) , it is clear that payment is made into the treasury only when persons who are served notice Under Section 12(2 ) are not present personally at the time the award is delivered . Even though they may not appear at that stage , the officer shall require them to appear personally or by representatives by a certain date to receive payment of compensation awarded . It is only if they fail to appear after such an intimation , and if the officer , after further endeavours to secure their attendance , can not so secure their attendance , that amounts due are to be paid to the treasury as revenue deposited payable to persons to whom they are due . It is clear , therefore , that sub - para ( V ) , when read in its proper perspective , is not a separate mode of payment by itself as is contended by learned Counsel for the Appellants . It is a residuary mode of payment after all necessary efforts have been made by the authorities to secure the attendance of the persons entitled to compensation , and it is only after all such methods have failed that , as a last resort , the money is then to be deposited in the treasury . In any case , such deposit in the treasury is referable only to Section 31(1 ) and can not ever be a substitute for deposit before the reference court as provided Under Section 31(2 ) of the Land Acquisition Act , which applies in the circumstances mentioned in the aforesaid Sub - section .    56