consistent enactment of the whole statute . ’ ( Per Lord Davey in Canada Sugar Refining Co. , Ltd. v. R : 1898 AC 735 ) " . In other words , under the first principle a casus omissus can not be supplied by the Court except in the case of clear necessity and when reason for it is found in the four corners of the statute itself but at the same time a casus omissus should not be readily inferred and for that purpose all the parts of a statute or section must be construed together and every clause of a section should be construed with reference to the context and other clauses thereof so that the construction to be put on a particular provision makes a consistent enactment of the whole statute . This would be more so if literal construction of a particular clause leads to manifestly absurd or anomalous results which could not have been intended by the Legislature . " An intention to produce an unreasonable result " , said Danckwerts L.J. in Artemiou v. Procopiou [ 1966 1 QB 878 ] " is not to be imputed to a statute if there is some other construction available . " Where to apply words literally would " defeat the obvious intention of the legislation and produce a wholly unreasonable result " we must " do some violence to the words " and so achieve that obvious intention and produce a rational construction , ( Per Lord Reid in Luke v. I.R.C.-1968 AC 557 where at p. 577 he also observed : " this is not a new problem , though our standard of drafting is such that it rarely emerges . ) ” 56 . This was followed almost verbatim in Padma Sundara Rao ( supra).It must be emphasized that the Constitution Bench in Padma Sundara Rao ( supra ) held that casus omissus may be supplied when there is “ clear necessity and when reason for it is found in the four corners of the statute itself ’ . This means that while casus omissus must not be readily inferred , “ all the parts of a statute or section must be construed together and every clause of a section should be construed with reference to the context and other clauses thereof so that the construction to be put on a particular provision makes a consistent enactment of the whole statute . ” This applies squarely to the facts of the case on hand . Casus omissus must be supplied to Section 24(2 ) of the 2013 Act due to the necessity and the need for consistency . Undoubtedly , the power to legislate remains with the Legislature . If a provision of the Act is inconsistent or ambiguous , the same needs to be clarified for bringing the meaning of the said 240