17 . However , Section 31 of the 1894 Act states that the Collector at the first instance shall tender payment of compensation to the persons interested and pay the compensation to such interested persons unless prevented by some or more contingencies mentioned in sub - section 2 of Section 31 of the 1894 Act . Three contingencies are found in sub - section 2 of Section 31 wherein the Collector will not pay the compensation to the persons interested , viz . , ( a ) persons interested do not give consent to receive the compensation ; ( b ) if there is no person competent to alienate the land ; ( c ) if there is any dispute as to the title or as to the apportionment of compensation . In case any such contingencies arise , the Collector shall deposit the amount of compensation in Court to which a reference under Section 18 would be submitted . If Section 31 is to be read with Section 34 harmoniously , the same would make it clear that non - deposit or non - payment of compensation will make State liable to pay interest as prescribed . In other words , in case the Collector does not deposit the amount of compensation in Court as contemplated under Section 31(2 ) of the 1894 Act , at the most the persons interested may be entitled to interest of 9 % or 15 % as the case may be . Such act of Collector depositing the amount in the Treasury and such act of Collector in not depositing the amount in Court as mandated in sub - section 2 of Section 31 may not result in extreme consequence of lapsing of acquisition . 18 . Article 283(1 ) of the Constitution of India mandates that matters pertaining to custody of the Consolidated Fund of India and the Contingency Fund of India , the payment of moneys into such Funds , the withdrawal of moneys therefrom , the custody of public moneys other than those credited to such Funds received by the Government of India etc . shall be regulated by law made by the Parliament . Article 283(2 ) of the Constitution of India mandates that similar matters of the States ’ Consolidated funds 217