payment under Section 31(1 ) , to such of the persons interested as were not present personally or by their representatives when the award was made , the officer shall require them to appear personally or by representatives by a certain date to receive payment of the compensation awarded to them , intimating also that no interest will be allowed , to them if they fail to appear . If they do not appear , and do not apply for reference to the Civil Court under Section 18 , the officer shall after any further endeavour to secure their attendance that may seem desirable , cause the amounts due to be paid into the Treasury as Revenue deposits payable to the persons to whom they are respectively due and vouched for in the accompanying form ( marked E ) . The officer shall also give notice to the payees of such deposits , the Treasury in which the deposits specifying have been made . ...... The Uttar Pradesh Rules for the Payment of Compensation for Land Taken Up Under the Land Acquisition Act | of 1894 read as follows , “ 6 . In giving notice of the award under section 12(2 ) and tendering payment under section 31(1 ) to such of the persons interested as were not present personally or by their representatives when the award was made , the special officer shall require them to appear personally or by representatives by a certain date , to receive payment of the compensation awarded to them intimating also that no interest will be allowed to them if they fail to appear . If they do not appear , and do not apply for a reference to the Civil Court under section 18 , the officer shall after any further endeavour to secure their attendance that may seem desirable , cause the amounts due to be paid in the Treasury as revenue deposits payable to the persons to whom they are respectively due , and vouched for in form E. The officer shall also give notice to the payees of such deposits , specifying the Treasury in which the deposits have been made . ....... u The West Bengal Notification No.29 T.R. , dated April 24 , 1895 reads as follows : “ 10 . In giving notice of the award under Section 31(1 ) to such of the persons interested as were not present personally or by their representatives when the award was made , the officer shall require them to appear personally or by representatives by a certain date , to receive payment of the compensation awarded to them , intimating also that no interest will be allowed to them , if they fail to appear . If they do not appear and do not apply for reference to the Civil Court under Section 18 , the officer shall , after any further endeavour to secure their attendance that may seem desirable , cause the amounts due to be paid into the Treasury as revenue deposits payable to the persons to whom they are respectively due , and vouched for in the accompanying form ( not given here ) . The officer shall also give notice to the payees of such deposits , specifying the Treasury in which the deposits have been made . ” 219