sense means restoring to a party on the modification , variation or reversal of a decree or order , what has been lost to him in execution or decree or order or the court or indirect consequence of a decree or order ( See Zafar Khan and Ors . v. Board of Revenue , U.P. , and Ors . , : [ 1985 ] 1 SCR 287 . In law , the term ' restitution ' is used in three senses ; ( i ) return or restoration of some specific thing to its rightful owner or status ; ( ii ) compensation for benefits derived from a wrong done to another ; ( iii ) compensation or reparation for the loss caused to another . ( See Black 's Law Dictionary , Seventh Edition , p.1315 ) . The Law of Contracts by John D. Calamari & Joseph M. Perillo has been quoted by Black to say that ' restitution ' is an ambiguous term , sometimes referring to the disgorging of something which has been taken and at times referring to compensation for injury done . " Often , the result in either meaning of the term would be the same . ..... Unjust impoverishment , as well as unjust enrichment , is a ground for restitution . If the defendant is guilty of a non - tortuous misrepresentation , the measure of recovery is not rigid but , as in other cases of restitution , such factors as relative fault , the agreed upon risks , and the fairness of alternative risk allocations not agreed upon and not attributable to the fault of either party need to be weighed . " The principle of restitution has been statutorily recognized in Section 144 of the Code of Civil Procedure , 1908 . Section 144 of the C.P.C. speaks not only of a decree being varied , reversed , set aside or modified but also includes an order on par with a decree . The scope of the provision is wide enough so as to include therein almost all the kinds of variation , reversal , setting aside or modification of a decree or order . The interim order passed by the Court merges into a final decision . The validity of an interim order , passed in favour of a party , stands reversed in the event of final decision going against the party successful at the interim stage . Unless otherwise ordered by the Court , the successful party at the end would be justified with all expediency in demanding compensation and being placed in the same situation in which it would have been if the interim order would not have been passed against it . The successful party can demand ( a ) the delivery of benefit earned by the opposite party under the 162