paid into the Treasury as revenue deposits payable to the persons to whom they are respectively due , and vouched for in the form prescribed or approved by Government from time to time . He shall also give notice to the payee of such deposits , specifying the Treasury in which the deposits have been made . When no reference is sought for amount has to be deposited in treasury only . Rule 9 of Assam Rules is extracted hereunder : “ 9 . In giving notice of the award under section 12(2 ) and tendering payment under section 31(1 ) , to such of the persons interested as were not present personally or by their representatives when the award was made , the Collector shall require them to appear personally or by representatives by a certain date , to receive payment of the compensation awarded to them intimating also that no interest will be allowed to them , if they fail to appear . If they do not appear and do not apply for a reference to the Civil Court under section 18 , he shall , after any further endeavour to secure their attendance or make payment that may seem desirable , cause the amounts due to be paid into the WW as revenue deposits payable to the persons to whom they are respectively due , and vouched for in the form prescribed or approved by Government from time to time . He shall also give notice to the payees of such deposits , specifying the Treasury in which the deposits have been made . When the payees ultimately claim payment of sums placed in deposit , the amount will be paid to them in the same manner as ordinary revenue deposits . The Collector should , as far as possible , arrange to make the payment due in or near the village to which the land pertains in order that the number of undisbursed sum to be placed in deposit on account of nonattendance may be reduced to a minimum . Whenever payment is claimed through a representative , such representative , must show legal authority for receiving the compensation on behalf of the principal . ” ( emphasis supplied )    53