etc . are to be regulated by law made by the State Legislatures . | States have framed rules pursuant to Article 283(2 ) of the Constitution of India as to how the public moneys are to be handled . Section 55 of the 1894 Act empowers the State to make rules for guidance of officers . Pursuant to Article 283(2 ) of the Constitution of India and Section 55 of the 1894 Act , various States , such as , Assam , Bihar , Orissa , Kerala , West Bengal , Delhi and Punjab have framed rules to govern the mode of payment of compensation . All of them provide for deposit into the Treasury in case the landowners are not present to receive the compensation , along with the notice to such landowners apprising them of such deposits . It appears that the Court in the case of Pune Municipal Corporation(supra ) did not consider such rules passed by the States that direct the deposit of unclaimed compensation in the Treasury . Extracts from these rules that permit deposit in the Treasury , along with the requirement of notice of such deposits are furnished below : 19 . The Assam Govt . Notification No.1211-R. , dated April 19 , 1932 , reads as follows , “ 9 . In giving notice of the award under Section 12(2 ) and tendering payment under section 31(1 ) , to such of the persons interested as were not present personally or by their representatives when the award was made , the Collector shall require them to appear personally or by representatives by a certain date , to receive payment of the compensation awarded to them intimating also that no interest will be allowed to them , if they fail to appear . If they do not appear , and do not apply for a reference to the Civil Court under section 18 , he shall , after any further endeavour to secure their attendance or make payment that may seem desirable , cause the amounts due to be paid into the Treasury as revenue deposits payable to the persons to whom they are respectively due and vouched for in the form prescribed or approved by Government from time to time . He shall also give notice to the payees of such deposits , specifying the Treasury in which the deposits have been made . ” The Land Acquisition ( Bihar & Orissa ) Rules , 1894 read as follows , “ 10 . In giving notice of the award under Section 12(2 ) and tendering 218