Natural and ordinary meaning of words should not be departed from " unless it can be shown that the legal context in which the words are used requires a different meaning " . Such a meaning can not be departed from by the judges " in the light of their own views as to policy " although they can " adopt a purposive interpretation if they can find in the statute read as a whole or in material to which they are permitted by law to refer as aids to interpretation an expression of Parliament 's purpose or policy " . For a modern statement of the rule , one may refer to the speech of LORD SIMON OF GLAISDALE in a case where he said : " Parliament is prima facie to be credited with meaning what is said in an Act of Parliament . The drafting of statutes , so important to a people who hope to live under the rule of law , will never be satisfactory unless courts seek whenever possible to apply ‘ the golden rule ’ of construction , that is to read the statutory language grammatically and_terminologically , in the ordinary and primary sense which it bears in its context , without omission or addition . Of course , Parliament is to be credited with good sense ; so that when such an approach produces injustice absurdity , contradiction or stultification of statutory objective the language may be modified sufficiently to avoid such disadvantage , though no further ’ . The rules stated above have been quoted with approval by the Supreme Court ....... » ( emphasis supplied ) 49(b ) . This Court , in Harbhajan Singh v. Press Council of India , AIR 2002 SC 1351 , at 1354 has observed thus : “ Legislature does not waste its words . Ordinary , grammatical and full meaning is to be assigned to the words used while interpreting a provision to honour the rule -- Legislature chooses_appropriate words to express what it intends , and therefore , must be attributed with such intention as is conveyed by the words employed so long as this does not result_in absurdity or anomaly or unless material -- intrinsic or external -- is available to permit a departure from the rule . ” ( emphasis supplied ) 45