25 . In Hissar Improvement Trust v. Rukmani Devi and Anr . ( 1990 ) Supp . 1 SCC 806 , this Court held that where compensation has not been paid or deposited on time in Court , the Collector is liable to pay interest to the landowners as per Section 34 . It stated thus , “ 5 . It can not be gainsaid that interest is due and payable to the landowner in the event of the compensation not being paid or deposited in time in Court . Before taking possession of the land , the Collector has to pay or deposit the amount awarded , as stated in Section 31 , failing which he is liable to pay interest as provided in Section 34 . XXX XXX XXX 7 . We make it clear that insofar as the landowner is concerned , his right to be compensated is enforceable against the State . It is the liability of the Collector in terms of the relevant provisions to pay the amount awarded , together with interest in the event of the amount not being paid in time . The liability of the appellant - Trust arising under its agreement with the Government for payment in respect of the property acquired is a matter on which we express no view . ” 26 . In Jogesh Chandra v. Yakub Ali , 29 IC 111 ( Cal ) , where there was a dispute of title over the land between a landlord and his alleged tenant , the Collector mistakenly paid the entire land acquisition compensation amount to the tenant , even though the dispute was apparent on the face of the record and the compensation should have been deposited in Court as per Section 31(2 ) of the 1894 Act . The Calcutta High Court held that the Collector 's mistaken payment to the tenant , and the failure of the Collector to deposit in Court , does not bar a reference under Section 18 of the 1894 Act . That Court allowed the acquisition proceedings to stand despite procedural lapses in the payment and deposit of compensation . 27 . The case of Damadilal v. Parashram , AIR 1976 SC 2229 : ( 1976 ) 4 SCC 855 , relied upon by the learned counsel for the IDA in arguments before the referring Bench , 223