Pune Municipal Corporation ( supra ) also relied on Ivo AgneloSantiamo Fernandes v. Government of Goa , ( 2011 ) 11 SCC 506 , which interpreted Section 34 of the 1894 Act in light of Prem Nath ( supra ) to hold that interest accrues on a deposit in the revenue account of the State until such compensation amount is deposited in Court . It held thus , “ 22 . — Inthe light of the abovesaid principle , we are of the view that the contentions of the respondents can not be accepted . The Act requires that the interest be deposited in court , and the same has been upheld in Prem Nath Kapur ( supra ) . 23 . In the present case , the respondents did not deposit the amount in court , but in their revenue account and utilized the same . Even if the respondent State does pay the compensation to the claimants directly , and the same is not collected , the respondent State can not then keep the said money with itself and utilize it . In such cases , after a reasonable period , if the claimants do not come forward to collect compensation , then it should be deposited in court by the State . Allowing the State to keep the compensation with itself and utilizing it can not possibly be permitted being contrary to the provisions of the Act and the law laid down in Prem Nath Kapur ( supra ) . Hence , the judgment of the High Court is clearly erroneous and deserves to be set side . ” Pune Municipal Corporation ( supra)has been followed in several subsequent cases , including the cases of Union of India v. Shiv Raj , ( 2014 ) 6 SCC 564 , Karnail Kaur v. State of Punjab , ( 2015 ) 3 SCC 206 , andRadiance Fincap ( P ) Ltd. v. Union of India , ( 2015 ) 8 SCC 544 , wherein it has been held that the acquisition proceedings lapse when the compensation has been deposited with the Treasury or with the Revenue Department instead of deposited in Court . 8 . This Court in Delhi Development Authority v. Sukhbir Singh , ( 2016 ) 16 SCC 258 conducted an incisive analysis of the Punjab Standing Order No . 28 of 1909 , which directs that a deposit should be made in the Treasury in certain instances ( discussed later in Paragraphs 13 , 14 and 15 ) . It held that a deposit in the Treasury is meant to 210