workman dismissed or discharged his one month 's wages . In ( 1962 ) 3 Suppl . S.C.R. 618 ] Strawboard Manufacturing Co. v. Gobind this Court while construing this proviso , observed that when it lays down the condition as to payment of one month 's wages all that the employer is required to do to carry out that condition is to tender the wages to the employee . But if the employee chooses not to accept them , he can not come forward and say that there has been no payment of wages to him by the employer , Therefore , though Section 33 speaks of payment of one month 's wages , it can only mean that the employer has tendered the wages and that would amount to payment , for otherwise , a workman could always make the section unworkable by refusing to take the wages . In ( 1964 ) 2 SCR 104 , 109 P.H. Kalyani v. M / s . Air France , the employer had offered one month 's wages to the workman before the order of dismissal against him came into force . The offer was held to be sufficient compliance of the said condition laid down in the proviso , [ ( 1955 ) 1 SCR 998 ] Management of Delhi Transport Undertaking v. Industrial Tribunal , Delhi was a case where the wages were remitted by money order but the workman purposely refused to receive them . It was held that the employer could not be said not to have complied with the condition laid down by the proviso . It is thus clear that the condition as to payment in the proviso does not mean that the wages have to be actually paid but if wages are tendered or offered , such a tender or offer would be sufficient compliance for the purposes of Section 33(2)(b ) proviso . ” 36 . The word " paid " means applied , settled or satisfied . The concept of paid has also been considered by this Court in The Benares State Bank Ltd. v. The Commissioner of Income Tax , Lucknow , ( 1969 ) 2 SCC 316 , in the context of section 14(2)(c ) of Income Tax Act , 1922 . This Court observed that the expression " paid " in section 16(2 ) does not contemplate actual receipt of the dividend by the members of the community ; in general , the dividend 31