in the context of Section 24(2 ) of the 2013 Act . The Court in Mary Angel has observed : “ 19 . Further , for the rule of interpretation on the basis of the maxim " expressio unius est_exclusio alterius " , it has been considered in the decision rendered by the Queen 's Bench in the case of Dean v. Wiesengrund ( 1955 ) 2 QBD 120 . The Court considered the said maxim and held that after all it is more than an aid to construction and has little , if any , weight where it is possible , to account for the " exclusiounius " on grounds other than intention to effect the " exclusioalterius " . Thereafter , the Court referred to the following passage from the case of Colquhoon v. Brooks ( 1887 ) 19 QBD 400 wherein the Court called for its approval-"the maxim " ‘ expressiouniusestexclusioalterius ' has been pressed upon us . I agree with what is said in the Court below by Wills J , about this maxim . It is often a valuable servant , but a dangerous master to follow in the construction of statutes of documents . The exclusio is often the result of inadvertence or accident . and the maxim ought not to be applied , when its application having regard to the subject matter to which it is to be applied , leads to inconsistency or injustice . In my opinion , the application of the maxim here would lead to inconsistency and injustice , and would make Section 14(1 ) of the Act of 1920 uncertain and capricious in its operation . "(emphasis supplied ) 116 . In Assistant A.C.E. , Calcutta versus National Tobacco Co. Ltd. of India Ltd , ( 1972 ) 2 SCC 560 , it was held : “ 30 . The question whether there was or was not an implied power to hold an enquiry in the circumstances of the case before us , in view of the provisions of Section 4 of the Act read with Rule 10-A of the Central Excise Rule , was not examined by the Calcutta High Court because it erroneously shut out consideration of the meaning and applicability of Rule 10A. The High Court 's view was based on an application of the rule of construction that where a mode of performing a duty is laid down by law it must be performed in that mode or 135