period will be included to determine the five year period and including such period if the award was made five years or more prior to the commencement of the Act , then the said acquisition proceedings will be deemed to have elapsed and _ fresh proceedings , if so desired , will have to be initiated in accordance with the new Act . ” 26 . The objects and reasons of the 2013 Act and particularly Clause 18 thereof fortify the view taken by this Court in the judgments referred to hereinabove . Clause 18 thereof reads as under : “ 18 . The benefits under the new law would be available in all the cases of land acquisition under the Land Acquisition Act , 1894 where award has not been made or possession of land has not been taken . ” This has led to a unique situation in cases such as Magnum Promoters v. Union of India , ( 2015 ) 3 SCC 327 wherein the Court has faulted the State for contending that they took possession as that would be in violation of the interim stay order , but has however held that acquisition proceedings lapse for not taking possession within 5 years because of the time lost in the interim order . This decision was followed in Radiance Fincap(supra ) . 48 . Stay period was also not excluded in the case of Karnail Kaur ( supra ) wherein a two - Judge bench of this Court relied on the above discussed cases to reject the contention of the Solicitor General that the State was being prejudiced . It did so as follows , “ 20 . The learned Solicitor General has also placed reliance upon A.R. Antulay v. R.S. Nayak [ ( 1988 ) 2 SCC 602 ] in support of his legal submission that in the said case the majority view of this Court have succinctly laid down that the elementary rule of justice is that no party should suffer by mistake / action of the Court . What the court does ought not prejudice a litigant and therefore , respondents herein shall not be made to suffer or be deprived of their right by the reliance being placed by the landowners upon Section 24(2 ) of the 2013 Act due to the interim orders of the High Court and this Court as they have been in possession of the acquired land . The above contentions of the learned Solicitor General can not be accepted by us as the said principle of law laid down 235