of receipt of the High Court order . It stated that the limitation period must necessarily run from the date of the Section 4 notification as per clause ( i ) of the proviso to Section 6 . The reasoning of this Court was as follows , “ 42 . The rival pleas regarding re - writing of statute and casus omissus need careful consideration . It is well settled principle in law that the Court can not read anything into a statutory provision which is plain and unambiguous . A statute is an edict of the legislature . The language employed in a statute is the determinative factor of legislative intent . The first and primary rule of construction is that the intention of the Legislation must be found in the words used by the Legislature itself . The question is not what may be supposed and has been intended but what has been said . " Statutes should be construed not as theorems of Euclid " . Judge Learned Hand said , " but words must be construed with some imagination of the purposes which lie behind them " . ( See Lenigh Valley Coal Co. v. Yensavage 218 FR 547 ) . The view was reiterated in Union of India v. Filip Tiago De Gama of Vedem Vasco De Gama ( AIR 1990 SC 981 ) . 13 . In Dr. R Venkatchalam vs. Dy . Transport Commissioner ( 1977 ) 2 SCC 273 it was observed that Courts must avoid the danger of apriori determination of the meaning of a provision based on their own pre - conceived notions of ideological structure or scheme into which the provision to be interpreted is somewhat fitted . They are not entitled to usurp legislative function under the disguise of interpretation . 14 . | While interpreting a provision the Court only interprets the law and can not legislate it . If a provision of law is misused and subjected to the abuse of process of law , it is for the legislature to amend , modify or repeal it , if deemed necessary . [ See Rishabh Agro Industries Ltd. vs. P.N.B. Capital Services Ltd. [ ( 2000 ) 5 SCC 515 ] . “ The legislative casus omissus can not be supplied by judicial interpretative process . Language of Section 6(1 ) is plain and unambiguous . There is no scope for reading something into it , as was done in N. Narasimhaiah v. State of Karnataka [ ( 1996 ) 3 SCC 88 ] . In State of Karnataka v. D.C. Nanjudaiah[(1996 ) 10 SCC 619 ] , the period was further stretched to have the time period run from date of service of High Court 's order . Such a view can not be reconciled with the language of Section 6(1 ) . If the view is accepted it would mean that a case can be covered by not only clauses ( i ) and/or Clause ( ii ) of the proviso to Section 6(1 ) , but also by a non - prescribed period . Same can never be the legislative intent .      15 . Two principles of construction one relating to casus omissus and the other in regard to reading the statute as a whole appear to be well settled . Under the first principle a casus omissus can not be supplied by the Court except in the case of clear necessity and when reason for it is 232