Award was made on September 26 , 1986 and for Survey No . 2/11 award was made on August 31 , 1990 . Possession having already been undertaken on November 24 , 1981 , it stands vested in the State under Section 16 of the Act free from all encumbrances and thereby the Government acquired absolute title to the land . The initial award having been made within two years under Section 11 of the Act , the fact that subsequent award was made on 31st August , 1990 does not render the initial award invalid . It is also to be seen that there is stay of dispossession . Once there is stay of dispossession , all further proceedings necessarily could not be proceeded with as laid down by this Court . Therefore , the limitation also does not stand as an impediment as provided in the proviso to Section 11A of the Act . Equally , even if there is an irregularity in service of notice under Sections 9 and 10 , it would be a curable irregularity and on account thereof , award made under Section 11 does not become invalid . Award is only an offer on behalf of the State . If compensation was accepted without protest , it binds such party but subject to Section 28A. Possession of the acquired land would be taken only by way of a memorandum , Panchanama , which is a legally accepted norm . It would not be possible to take any physical possession . Therefore , subsequent continuation , if any , had by the erstwhile owner is only illegal or unlawful possession which does not bind the Government nor vested under Section 16 divested in the illegal occupant . Considered from this perspective , we hold that the High Court was not justified in interfering with the award . ” 87(e ) . In Balmokand Khatri Educational and Industrial Trust v. State of Punjab ( 1996 ) 4 SCC 212 it was observed that it is difficult to take physical possession of land under compulsory acquisition . The normal rule of taking possession is drafting the Panchnama in the presence of Panchas , is accepted mode of taking possession of land . This Court observed : 96