Act and that being the only procedure established by law , there can be no deviation from the terms of Article 21 of the Constitution of India . That is the only procedure under which it should have been guided . By reason of giving the directions on 16th February 1984 this Court had also unintentionally caused the appellant the denial of rights under Article 14 of the Constitution by denying him the equal protection of law by being singled out for a special procedure not provided for by law . When these factors are brought to the notice of this Court , even if there are any technicalities this Court should not feel shackled and decline to rectify that injustice or otherwise the injustice noticed will remain forever a blot on justice . It has been said long time ago that " Actus Curiae Neminem Gravabit"- an_act_of the Court shall prejudice no man . This maxim is founded upon justice and good sense and affords a safe and certain guide for the administration of the law . 104 . This being the apex Court , no litigant has any opportunity of approaching any higher forum to question its decisions . Lord Buck - master in 1917 A.C. 170 stated : All rules of court_are nothing but provisions intended to secure proper administration of justice . It is , therefore , essential that they should be made to serve and be subordinate to that purpose . this Court in Gujarat _ v. Ram Prakash [ 1970]2SCR875 reiterated the position by saying : Procedure is the handmaid and not a mistress of law , intended to_subserve and facilitate the cause of justice and not to govern or obstruct it , like all rules of procedure , this rule demands a construction which would promote this cause .    Once judicial satisfaction is reached that the direction was not open to be made and it is accepted as a mistake of the court , it is not only appropriate but also the duty of the Court to rectify the mistake by exercising inherent powers . Judicial opinion heavily leans in favour of this view that a mistake of the Court can be corrected by the Court itself without any fetters . This is on the principle as indicated in Alexander Rodger 's case ( supra ) . I am of the view that in the present situation , the Court 's inherent powers can be exercised to remedy the 154