interim order of the court , or ( b ) to make restitution for what it has lost ; and it is the duty of the court to do so unless it feels that in the facts and on the circumstances of the case , the restitution would far from meeting the ends of justice , would rather defeat the same . Undoing the effect of an interim order by resorting to principles of restitution is an obligation of the party , who has gained by the interim order of the Court , so as to wipe out the effect of the interim order passed which , in view of the reasoning adopted by the court at the stage of final decision , the court earlier would not or ought not to have passed . There is nothing , wrong in an effort being made to restore the parties to the same position in which they would have been if the interim order would not have existed . 27 . Section 144 of the C.P.C. is not the fountain source of restitution ; it is rather a statutory recognition of a pre - existing tule of justice , equity and fair play . That is why it is often held that even away from Section 144 the Court has inherent jurisdiction to order restitution so_as to do complete justice between the parties . In Jai Berham v. Kedar Nath Marwari ( 1923 ) 25 BOMLR 643 , their Lordships of the Privy council said : " It is the duty of the Court under Section 144 of the Civil Procedure Code to place the parties in the position which they would have occupied but for such decree or such part thereof as has been varied or reversed . Nor indeed does this duty or jurisdiction arise merely under the said section . It is inherent in the general jurisdiction of the Court to act rightly and fairly according to the circumstances towards all parties involved . Cairns , L.C. , said in Rodger v. Comptoir d'Escompte de Paris , ( 1871 ) L.R. 3 : " One of the first and highest duties of all Courts is to take care that the act of the Court does no injury to any of the suitors and when the expression , the act of the Court is used , it does not mean merely the act of the primary Court , or of any intermediate Court of appeal , but the act of the Court as a whole from the lowest court which entertains jurisdiction over the matter up to the highest Court which finally disposes of the case " . This is also on the principle that a wrong order should not be perpetuated by keeping it alive and respecting it , A.A. Nadar v. S.P. Rathinasami , ( 1971 ) 1 MLJ 220 . In the exercise of such inherent power the Courts have applied the principles of restitution to myriad situations not strictly falling within the terms of Section 144 . 163