Nor would possession merely on paper be enough . What the Act contemplates as a necessary condition of vesting of the land in the Government is the taking of actual possession of the land . How such possession may be taken would depend on the nature of the land . Such possession would have to be taken as the nature of the land admits of . There can be no hard and fast rule laying down what , act would be sufficient to constitute taking of possession of land . We should not , therefore , be taken as laying down an absolute and inviolable rule that merely going on the spot and making a declaration by beat of drum or otherwise would be sufficient to constitute taking of possession of land in every case . But here , in our opinion , since the land was lying fallow and there was no crop on it at the material time , the act of the Tehsildar in going on the spot and inspecting the land for the purpose of determining what part was waste and arable and should , therefore , be taken possession of and determining its extent , was sufficient to constitute taking of possession . It appears that the appellant was not present when this was done by the Tehsildar , but the presence of the owner or the occupant of the land is not necessary to effectuate the taking of possession . It is also not strictly necessary as a matter of legal requirement that notice should be given to the owner or the occupant of the land that possession would be taken at a particular time , though it may be desirable where possible , to give such notice before possession is taken by the authorities , as that would eliminate the possibility of any fraudulent or collusive transaction of taking of mere paper possession , without the occupant or the owner ever coming to know of it . ” 87(b ) . In Tamil Nadu Housing Board v. A.Viswam ( Dead ) by LRs . , ( 1996 ) 8 SCC 259 , this Court has held that recording of memorandum/ Panchnama by Land Acquisition Officer in the presence of witnesses signed by them would constitute taking possession of land . This Court observed : “ 8 . It is settled law by series of judgments of this Court that one of the accepted modes of taking possession of the 93