the context of limitation for publication of declaration under Section 19(1 ) and the Explanation to Section 69(2 ) for working out the market value of the land in the context of delay between preliminary notification under Section 11 and the date of the award , specifically provide that the period or periods during which the acquisition proceedings were held up on account of any stay or injunction by the order of any Court be excluded in computing the relevant period . In that view of the matter , it can be safely concluded that the legislature has consciously omitted to extend the period of five years indicated in Section 24(2 ) even if the proceedings had been delayed on account of an order of stay or injunction granted by a Court of law or for any reason . Such casus omissus can not be supplied by the Court in view of law on the subject elaborately discussed by this Court in Padma Sundara Rao v. State of T.N. ( 2002 ) 3 SCC 533 . 12 . Even in the Land Acquisition Act of 1894 , the legislature had brought about amendment in Section 6 through an Amendment Act of 1984 to add Explanation I for the purpose of excluding the period when the proceeding suffered stay by an order of the Court , in the context of limitation provided for publishing the declaration under Section 6(1 ) of the Act . To a similar effect was the Explanation to Section 11-A which was added by Amendment Act 68 of 1984 . Clearly , the legislature has , in its wisdom , made the period of five years under Section 24(2 ) of the 2013 Act absolute and unaffected by any delay in the proceedings on account of any order of stay by a Court . The plain wording used by the legislature are clear and do not create any ambiguity or conflict . In such a situation , the Court is not required to depart from the literal rule of interpretation . " In Shree Balaji ( supra ) a Division Bench of this Court has opined that their conscious omission made by the legislature in section 24(2 ) of Act , 2013 to exclude the period covered by the interim order of the Court staying the acquisition proceedings , this Court has observed that in the Act of 1894 by making amendment 115