1531 thus : “ 83 . This case has caused us considerable anxiety . The appellant - accused has held an important position in this country , being the Chief Minister of a premier State of the country . He has been charged with serious criminal offences . His trial in accordance with law and the procedure established by law would have to be in accordance with the 1952 Act . That could not possibly be done because of the directions of this Court dated 16th February 1984 , as indicated above . It has not yet been found whether the appellant is guilty or innocent . It is unfortunate , unfortunate for the people of the State , unfortunate for the country as a whole , unfortunate for the future working of democracy in this country which , though is not a plant of an easy growth yet is with deep root in the Indian polity that delay has occurred due to procedural wrangles . The appellant may be guilty of grave offences alleged against him or he may be completely or if not completely to a large extent , innocent . Values in public life and perspective of these values in public life have undergone serious changes and erosion during the last few decades . What was unheard of before is common place today . A new value orientation is being undergone in our life and in our culture . We are at the threshold of the cross - roads of values . It is , for the sovereign people of the country to settle those conflicts yet the Courts have vital roles to play in such matters . With the avowed object of speedier trial the case of the appellant had been transferred to the High Court but on grounds of expediency of trial , he can not be subjected to a procedure unwarranted by law , and contrary to the constitutional provisions . The appellant may or may not be an ideal politician . It is a fact , however , that the allegations have been brought against him by a person belonging to a political party opposed to his but that is not the decisive factor . If the appellant Shri Abdul Rehman Antulay has infringed law , he must be dealt with in accordance with the law . We proclaim and pronounce that no man is above the law , but at the same time reiterate and declare that no man can be denied his rights under the Constitution and the laws . He has a right to be dealt with in accordance with the law and not in derogation of it . this Court , in its anxiety to facilitate the parties to have a speedy trial gave directions on 16th February 1984 as mentioned hereinbefore without conscious awareness of the exclusive jurisdiction of the Special Courts under the 1952 153