Rights are ‘ vested ’ when right to enjoyment , present or prospective , has become property of some particular person or persons as present interest ; mere expectancy of future benefits , or contingent interest in property founded on anticipated continuance of existing laws , does not constitute vested rights . In Webster 's Comprehensive Dictionary , ( International Edn . ) at p. 1397 ‘ vested ’ is defined as : “ [ L]aw held by a tenure subject to no contingency ; complete ; established by law as a permanent right ; vested interests . ” In State of W.B. v. Suburban Agriculture Dairy & Fisheries ( P ) Ltd. , the question was whether after the abolition of the estate under the West Bengal Estates Acquisition Act , 1953 ( 1 of 1954 ) the fishery right of the intermediary was saved by that Act ? A Bench of three Judges had held in paragraphs 9 and 11 that the pre - existing rights of the intermediary in the estate to which the declaration applied , shall stand vested in the State free from all encumbrances . Section 6 does not have the effect of divesting the State of the vested right , title and interest of the intermediary . One of the rights is the right to take possession of the land held by the intermediary . The section excluded the operation of Sections 4 and 5 , viz . , the interest of the respondent to retain khas possession was saved subject to his making the application in the prescribed form . It was held that the fishery rights stood vested in the State . 18 . In Brighu Nath Sahay Singh v. Mohd . Khalilur Rahman the appellants were proprietors of certain lands in Touzi ( new ) No . 8655 in Saraunja village in District Begusarai in Bihar which was sought to be declared as private lands in a civil suit . The courts granted the decree but the High Court reversed the decree . On appeal , this Court had held that on publication of the notification under Section 3 , the lands stood vested in the State . The pre - existing right , title , and interest held by the appellants stood ceased . They can not , therefore , claim khas possession of the lands in occupation of the tenants . 19 . In Labanya Bala Devi v. State of Bihar Patna Secretariat , the tank and tankail settled by the intermediary were held to have been vested in the State after the Act had come into force . Therefore , the pre - existing rights of the tenure - holder 86