Commissioner and Ors . etc . [ 1977 ] 2 SCR 392 it was observed that Courts must avoid the danger of apriority determination of the meaning of a provision based on their own pre - conceived notions of ideological structure or scheme into which the provision to be interpreted is somewhat fitted . They are not entitled to usurp legislative function under the disguise of interpretation . 14 . While interpreting a provision the Court only interprets the law and can not legislate it . If a provision of law is misused and subjected to the abuse of process of law , it is for the legislature to amend , modify or repeal it , if deemed necessary . [ See Rishabh Agro Industries Ltd. v. P.N.B Capital Services Ltd. ( 2000)5SCC515 ] . The legislative casus omissus can not be supplied by judicial interpretative process . Language of Section 6(1 ) is plain and unambiguous . There is no scope for reading something into it , as was done in Narasimhaiah 's case ( supra ) . In Nanjudaiah 's case ( supra ) , the period was further stretched to have the time period run from date of service of High Court 's order . Such a view can not reconciled with the language of Section 6(1 ) . If the view is accepted it would mean that a case can be covered by not only Clauses ( i ) and/or ( ii ) of the proviso to Section 6(1 ) , but also by a non - prescribed period . Same can never be the legislative intent . 15 . Two principles of construction - one relating to casus omissus and the other in regard to reading the statute as a whole - appear to be well settled . Under the first principle a casus omissus can not be supplied by the Court except in the case of clear necessity and when reason for it is found in the four corners of the statute itself but at the same time a casus omissus should not be readily inferred and for that purpose all the parts of a statute or section must be construed together and every clause of a section should be construed with reference to the context and other clauses thereof so that the construction to be put on a particular provision makes a consistent enactment of the whole statute . This would be more so if literal construction of a particular clause leads to manifestly absurd or anomalous 130