of authorities for five years or more is not tolerated by legislature the provision does not provide cover or protect such situation of pendency at litigation and does not confer rights on litigants . 131(a ) . This Court in GTC Industries Ltd. v. Union of India ( 1998 ) 3 SCC 376 has observed that while vacating stay it is court ’s duty to account for the period of delay and to settle equities , the court observed : “ 16 . Section LIAA of the Central Excises and Salt Act , 1944 was added on 26th of May , 1995 by the Finance Act , 1995 . This section provides , inter alia , for interest on delayed payment of duty . Where a person chargeable with duty determined under sub - section ( 2 ) of Section 11A fails to pay such duty within three months from the date of such determination , he shall pay , in addition to the duty , interest at such rate not below 10 % and not exceeding 30 % per annum as is for the time being fixed by the board on such duty from the date immediately after the expiry of the said period of three months till the date of payment of such duty . Prior to the insertion of Section 11AA , there was no specific provision in the Central Excises_and Salt Act , 1944 under which the department could recover interest on delayed payment of duty . But this Court had , in suitable cases , directed _ payment_of interest . Two such decisions have been brought to our notice . In the case of KashyapZip Ind vs. Union of India & Ors . 1993 ( 64 ) ELT 161(SC ) , the recovery of disputed duty had been stayed by an interim order of the High Court in the writ petition . While dismissing the writ petition and revoking the Stay order , the High Court directed the appellant to pay interest at 17.5 % per annum from the date of the order of Stay till recovery . This Court reduced the rate of interest to 12 % per annum and on the facts and circumstances directed that this amount should be recovered from Ist of January , 1985 till payment , this being the year in which the matter was Finally decided by this Court as a result of which the writ petition    149