High Court . The learned Judge had net referred to the relevant provisions of the Act and law . It is an undisputed fact that consequent upon the passing of the award under Section 11 and took possession of the land , by operation of Section 16 of the Act , the right , title and interest_of the erstwhile owner stood extinguished _ and _ the Government became absolute owner of the property free from all encumbrances . Thereby . no one has nor claimed any right , title and interest in respect of the acquired land . Before the possession could be taken . the Government have power under Section 48(1 ) of the Act to denotify the land . In that event , land is required to be surrendered to the erstwhile owners . That is not the case on the facts of this case . Under these circumstances , the Government has become the absolute owner of the property free from all encumbrances , unless the title is conferred _ on any person in accordance with a procedure known to law , no one can claim any title much less equitable title by remaining in possession . The trial Court as well as the appellate Court negatived the plea of the respondent that he was inducted into possession as a lessee for a period of 20 years . On the other hand , the finding was that he was in possession as a lessee on yearly basis . Having lawfully come into possession as a lessee of the Government , Session 116 of Evidence Act estops him from denying title of the Government and set it up in the third party . By disclaiming Government title , he forfeited even the annual lease . Under these circumstances , having come into possession as a lessee , after expiry and forfeiture of the lease , he has no right . Illegal and unlawful possession of the land entails payment of damages to the Government . " ( emphasis supplied ) 81(b ) . In Star Wire ( India ) Ltd. v. State of Haryana & Ors . ( 1996 ) 11 SCC 698 , this Court has laid down that when award has been passed , possession has been taken , land vests in the State free from all encumbrances . Any encumbrance created by erstwhile owner after publication of notification under section 4 has no valid title and is not binding on the State . Subsequent purchaser has no right 81