acquittal was based on compromise , it is still open to the Screening Committee to examine the suitability of the candidate and take a decision . Emphasizing upon the importance of character and integrity required for joining police force / discipline force , in Mehar Singh case , this Court held as under : " 23 . A careful perusal of the policy leads us to conclude that the Screening Committee would be entitled to keep persons involved in grave cases of moral turpitude out of the police force even if they are acquitted or discharged if it feels that the acquittal or discharge is on technical grounds or not honourable . The Screening Committee will be within its rights to cancel the candidature of a candidate if it finds that the acquittal is based on some serious flaw in the conduct of the prosecution case or is the result of material witnesses turning hostile . It is only experienced officers of the Screening Committee who will be able to judge whether the acquitted or discharged candidate is likely to revert to similar activities in future with more strength and vigour , if appointed , to the post in a police force . The Screening Committee will have to consider the nature and extent of such person ’s involvement in the crime and his propensity of becoming a cause for worsening the law and order situation rather than maintaining it . In our opinion , this policy framed by the Delhi Police does not merit any interference from this Court as its object appears to be to ensure that only persons with impeccable character enter the police force . 24 . We find no substance in the contention that by cancelling the respondents ’ candidature , the Screening Committee has overreached the judgments of the criminal court . We are aware that the question of co - relation between a criminal case and a departmental enquiry does not directly arise here , but , support can be drawn from the principles laid down by this Court in connection with it because the issue involved is somewhat identical , namely , whether to allow a person with doubtful integrity to work in the department . While the standard of proof in a criminal Page No . 9 of 15