for a period of one year but he has rendered service for a period of 240 days during the period of 12 calendar months counting backwards and just preceding the relevant date being the date of retrenchment . In other words , in order to invoke the fiction enacted in clause ( 2)(a ) it is necessary to determine first the relevant date i.e. the date of termination of service which is complained of as retrenchment . After that date is ascertained , move backward to a period of 12 months just preceding the date of retrenchment and then ascertain whether within the period of 12 months , the workman has rendered service for a period of 240 days . If these three facts are affirmatively answered in favour of the workman pursuant to the deeming fiction enacted in clause ( 2)(a ) it will have to be assumed that the workman is in continuous service for a period of one year and he will satisfy the eligibility qualification enacted in Section 25-F. On a pure grammatical construction the contention that even for invoking clause ( 2 ) of Section 25-B the workman must be shown to be in continuous service for a period of one year would render clause ( 2 ) otiose and socially beneficial legislation would receive a set back by this impermissible assumptions . The contention must first be negatived on a pure grammatical construction of clause ( 2 ) . And in any event , even if there be any such thing in favour of the construction , it must be negatived on the ground that it would render clause ( 2 ) otiose . The language of clause ( 2 ) is so clear and unambiguous that no precedent is necessary to justify the interpretation we have placed on it ...... ” In view of the aforesaid principles laid down by this Court and also the categorical findings of the High Court , the contention of the appellant herein is not sustainable in the eyes of law since the provisions are very clear qua the calculation of period . 12 ) Further , it is an admitted position that though the appellant worked as such till 1991 under different