11 ) Further , this Court , in Mohan Lal vs. Management of M / s Bharat Electronics Limited ( 1981 ) 3 SCC 225 , in paragraphs 10 and 12 held as under : “ 10 . It was , however , urged that Section 25-F is not attracted in this case for an entirely different reason . Mr Markendeya contended that before Section 25-F is invoked , the condition of eligibility for a workman to complain of invalid retrenchment must be satisfied . According to him unless the workman has put in continuous service for not less than one year his case would not be governed by Section 25-F ...... 12 . Sub - section ( 2 ) incorporates another deeming fiction for an entirely different situation . It comprehends a situation where a workman is not in continuous service within the meaning of sub - section ( 1 ) for a period of one year or six months , he shall be deemed to be in continuous service under an employer for a period of one year or six months , as the case may be , if the workman during the period of 12 calendar months just preceding the date with reference to which calculation is to be made , has actually worked under that employer for not less than 240 days . Sub - section ( 2 ) specifically comprehends a situation where a workman is not in continuous service as per the deeming fiction indicated in sub - section ( 1 ) for a period of one year or six months . In such a case he is deemed to be in continuous service for a period of one year if he satisfies the conditions in sub - clause ( a ) of clause ( 2 ) . The conditions are that commencing ( sic ) the date with reference to which calculation is to be made , in case of retrenchment the date of retrenchment , if in a period of 12 calendar months just preceding such date the workman has rendered service for a period of 240 days , he shall be deemed to be in continuous service for a period of one year for the purposes of Chapter V - A. It is not necessary for the purposes of clause ( 2)(a ) that the workman should be in service for a period of one year . If he is in service for a period of one year and that if that service is continuous service within the meaning of clause ( 1 ) his case would be governed by clause ( 1 ) and his case need not be covered by clause ( 2 ) . Clause ( 2 ) envisages a situation not governed by clause ( 1 ) . And clause ( 2)(a ) provides for a fiction to treat a workman in continuous service for a period of one year despite the fact that he has not rendered uninterrupted service 11