relevant paragraphs of the judgment are reproduced hereinbelow : “ 8 .... The provision appears to be plain enough . Section 25-F requires that a workman should be in continuous service for not less than one year under an employer before that provision applies . While so , present Section 25-B(2 ) steps in and says that even if a workman has not been in continuous service under an employer for a period of one year , he shall be deemed to have been in such continuous service for a period of one year , if he has actually worked under the employer for 240 days in the preceding period of twelve months . There is no stipulation that he should have been in employment or service under the employer for a whole period of twelve months . In fact , the thrust of the provision is that he need not be . That appears to be the plain meaning without gloss from any source . 9 . Now , Section 25-B was not always so worded . Prior to Act 36 of 1964 , it read as follows : “ For the purposes of Sections 25-C and 25-F , a workman who , during a period of twelve calendar months , has actually worked in an industry for not less than two hundred and forty days shall be deemed to have completed one year of continuous service in the industry . Explanation . — .... The difference between old Section 25-B and present Section 25-B is patent . The clause “ where a workman is not in continuous service ... for a period of one year ” with which present Section 25-B(2 ) so significantly begins , was equally significantly absent from old Section 25-B. Of the same degree of significance was the circumstance that prior to Act 36 of 1964 the expression “ continuous service ” was separately defined by Section 2(eee ) as follows : “ ( eee ) ‘ continuous service ’ means uninterrupted service , and includes service which may be interrupted merely on account of sickness or authorised leave or an accident or a strike which is not illegal , or lock - out or a cessation of work which is not due to any fault on the part of the workman ; ” Section 2(eee ) was omitted by the same Act 36 of 1964 which recast Section 25-B. Section 25-B as it read prior to Act 36 of 1964 , in the light of the then existing Section 2 ( eee ) , certainly lent