itself to the construction that a workman had to be in the service of the employer for a period of one year and should have worked for not less than 240 days before he could claim to have completed one year ’s completed service so as to attract the provisions of Section 25-F. That precisely was what was decided by this Court in Sur Enamel and Stamping Works Ltd. v. Workmen . The court said : “ On the plain terms of the Section 25-F only a workman who has been in continuous service for not less than one year under an employer is entitled to its benefit . ‘ Continuous service ’ is defined in Section 2(eee ) as meaning uninterrupted service , and includes service which may be interrupted merely on account of sickness or authorised leave or an accident or a strike which is not illegal or a lock - out or a cessation of work which is not due to any fault on the part of the workman . What is meant by ‘ one year of continuous service ’ has been defined in Section 25-B. Under this section a workman who during a period of twelve calendar months has actually worked in an industry for not less than 240 days shall be deemed to have completed service in the industry . . . . The position ( therefore ) is that during a period of employment for less than 11 calendar months these two persons worked for more than 240 days . In our opinion that would not satisfy the requirement of Section 25-B. Before a workman can be considered to have completed one year of continuous service in an industry it must be shown first that he was employed for a period of not less than 12 calendar months and , next that during those 12 calendar months had worked for not less than 240 days . Where , as in the present case , the workmen have not at all been employed for a period of 12 calendar months it becomes unnecessary to examine whether the actual days of work numbered 240 days or more . ” Act 36 of 1964 has drastically changed the position . Section 2(eee ) has been repealed and S. 25-B(2 ) now begins with the clause “ where a workman is not in continuous service . . . for a period of one year ” . These changes brought about by Act 36 of 1964 appear to be clearly designed to provide that a workman who has actually worked under the employer for not less than 240 days during a period of twelve months shall be deemed to have been in continuous service for a period of one year whether or not he has in fact been in such continuous service for a period of one year . It is enough that he has worked for 240 days in a period of 12 months ; it is not necessary that he should have been in the service of the employer for one whole year . So we hold that Usha Kumari and Madhu Bala are in the same position as the other appellants . ”