4 objections to jurisdiction of whatever nature must be taken at the stage of the submission of the statement of defence , and must be dealt with under Section 16 of the Arbitration Act , 1996 . However , if one of the parties seeks to contend that the subject matter of the dispute is such as _ can not be dealt with by arbitration , it may be dealt under Section 34 by the Court . 17 . It was also contended by Shri Divan , that the newly added ground that the Tribunal under the Arbitration Act , 1996 had no jurisdiction to decide the dispute in question because the jurisdiction lay with the Tribunal under the M.P. Act of 1983 , was a question which can be agitated under sub - clause ( ii ) of clause ( b ) of sub - section ( 2 ) of Section 34 of the Arbitration Act , 1996 . This provision enables the court to set- aside an award which is in conflict with the public policy of India . Therefore , it is contended that the amendment had been rightly allowed and it can not be said that what was raised was only a question which pertained to jurisdiction and ought to have been raised exclusively under Section 16 of the Arbitration Act , 1996 , but in fact was a question which could also have been raised under Section 34 before the Court , as has been done by the Respondent . This submission must be rejected . The contention that an award is in conflict with the public policy of India can not be equated with the contention that Tribunal under the Central Act does not have jurisdiction and the Tribunal under the State Act , has jurisdiction to decide upon the dispute . Furthermore , it was stated that this contention might have been raised under the head that the Arbitral Award is in conflict with the public policy of India . In other words , it was submitted that it is the public policy of India that arbitrations should be held under the appropriate law . It was contended that unless the arbitration was held under the State Law i.e. the M.P. Act that it would be a violation of the public policy of India . This contention is misconceived since the intention of providing that the award should not be in conflict with the public policy of India is referable to the public policy of India as a whole i.e. the policy of the Union of India and not merely the policy