32 The Delhi Laws Act , 19121 ’ may usefully be recalled at this stage : “ ( In delegated legislation ) , a portion of the lawmaking power of the legislature is conferred or bestowed upon a subordinate authority and the rules and regulations which are to be framed by the latter constitute an integral portion of the statute itself . As said already , it is within powers of Parliament or any competent legislative body , when legislating within its legislative field , to confer subordinate administrative and legislative powers upon some other authority . The question is : What are the limits within which such conferment of bestowing of powers could be properly made ? It is conceded by the learned Attorney - General that the legislature can not totally abdicate its functions and invest another authority with all the powers of legislation which it possesses . Subordinate legislation , it is not disputed , must operate under the control of the legislature from which it derives its authority , and on the continuing operation of which , its capacity to function rests . As was said by Dixton , J. , ( vide , Victoria Stevedoring and General Contracting Company v. Dignan , 46   C.L.R. 73 ) “ a subordinate legislation can not have _ the independent and unqualified authority which is an_attribute of true legislative power ” . It is pointed out by this learned Judge that several legal consequences flow from this doctrine of subordinate legislation . An offence against subordinate legislation is regarded as an offence against the statute and on the repeal of the statute the regulations automatically collapse . So far , the propositions can not , and need not , be disputed . But , according to the learned Attorney - General , all that is necessary in subordinate legislation is that the legislature should not totally abdicate its powers and that it should retain its 11 A.I.R. 1951 S.C. 332 ; Coram : Hon’ble the Chief Justice H.J. Kania , Hon’ble Mr. Justice Syed Fazl Ali , Hon’ble Mr. Justice Patanjali Sastri , Hon’ble Mr. Justice M.C. Mahajan , Hon’ble Mr. Justice B.K. Mukherjea , Hon’ble Mr. Justice S.R. Das and Hon’ble Mr. Justice Vivian Bose