bank balance , shares , fixed deposits etc . , are ‘ pecuniary advantages ’ received by the heirs on account of death of the deceased and liable to be deducted from the compensation . This Court held that these amounts have no co - relation with the compensation receivable by the dependents under the Motor Vehicle Act . The following observations were made by the Court : “ 35 . Broadly , we may examine the receipt of the provident fund which is a deferred payment out of the contribution made by an employee during the tenure of his service . Such employee or his heirs are entitled to receive this amount irrespective of the accidental death . This amount is secured , is certain to be received , while the amount under the Motor Vehicles Act is uncertain and is receivable only on the happening of the event , viz . , accident , which may not take place at all . Similarly , family pension is also earned by an employee for the benefit of his family in the form of his contribution in the service in terms of the service conditions receivable by the heirs after his death . The heirs receive family pension even otherwise than the accidental death . No corelation between the two . Similarly , life insurance policy is received either by the insured or the heirs of the insured on account of the contract with the insurer , for which the insured contributes in the form of premium . It is receivable even by the insured if he lives till maturity after paying all the premiums . In the case of death , the insurer indemnifies to pay the sum to the heirs , again in terms of the contract for the premium paid . Again , this amount is receivable by the claimant not on account of any accidental death but otherwise on the insured ’s death . Death is only a step or contingency in terms of the contract , to receive the amount . Similarly any cash , bank balance , shares , fixed deposits , etc . though are all a pecuniary advantage receivable by the heirs on account of one ’s death but all these have no corelation