“ 36 . We are in full agreement with the observations made in the case of Helen Rebello that principle of balancing between losses and gains , by reason of death , to arrive at the amount of compensation is a general rule , but what is more important is that such receipts by the claimants must have some correlation with the accidental death by reason of which alone the claimants have received the amounts . We do not think it would be necessary for us to go into the question of distinction made between the provisions of the Fatal Accidents Act and the Motor Vehicles Act . According to the decisions referred to in the earlier part of this judgment , it is clear that the amount on account of social security as may have been received must have a nexus or relation with the accidental injury or death , so far to be deductible from the amount of compensation . There must be some correlation between the amount received and the accidental death or it may be in the same sphere , absence ( sic ) the amount received shall not be deducted from the amount of compensation . Thus , the amount received on account of insurance policy of the deceased can not be deducted from the amount of compensation though no doubt the receipt of the insurance amount is accelerated due to premature death of the insured . So far as other items in respect of which learned counsel for the Insurance Company has vehemently urged , for example some allowance paid to the children , and Mrs Patricia Mahajan under the social security system , no correlation of those receipts with the accidental death has been shown much less established . Apart from the fact that contribution comes from different sources for constituting the fund out of which payment on account of social security system is made , one of the constituents of the fund is tax which is deducted from income for the purpose . We feel that the High Court has rightly disallowed any deduction on account of receipts under the insurance policy and other receipts under the social security system which the claimant would have also otherwise been entitled to receive irrespective of accidental death of Dr Mahajan . If the proposition “ receipts from whatever source ” is interpreted so widely that it may cover all the receipts , which may come into the hands of the claimants , in view of the mere death of the victim , it would only defeat the purpose of the Act providing for just compensation on account of accidental death . Such gains , maybe on account of savings or other