that prisoners are not persons to be dealt with at the mercy of the prison echelons . This country has no totalitarian territory even within the walled world we call prison . Articles 14 , 19 and 21 operate within the prisons in the manner explained in Sunil Batra ( I ) [ Under Article 32 of the Constitution ] , by a Constitution Bench of this Court . It is significant that the two opinions given separately in that judgment agree in spirit and substance , in reasoning and conclusions . Batra in that case was stated to be in a separate confinement and not solitary cell . An identical plea has been put forward here too . For the reasons given in Sunil Batra ( I ) case [ Under Article 32 of the Constitution ] we must overrule the extenuatory submission that a separate cell is different from solitary confinement . The petitioners will , therefore , be entitled to move within the confines of the prison like others undergoing rigorous imprisonment . If special restrictions of a punitive or harsh character have to be imposed for convincing security reasons , it is necessary to comply with natural justice as indicated in Sunil Batra ( J ) case [ Under Article 32 of the Constitution ] . Moreover , there must be an appeal not from Caeser to Caeser , but from a prison authority to a judicial organ when such treatment is meted out . ” ( Emphasis supplied by us ) . 8 . In paragraph 13 of the Report in Kishore Singh , it was directed that the rulings of this Court in the cases of Sunil Batra and Rakesh Kaushik v. B.L. Vig * on prison administration be converted into rules and instructions forthwith so that violation of prisoners ’ freedom can be avoided and habeas corpus litigation may not proliferate . Paragraph 13 of the Report reads as follows : 41980 Supp SCC 183 “ 13 . We find that the old rules and circulars and instructions issued under the Prisons Act are read incongruously with the Constitution especially Article 21 and interpretation put upon it by this Court . We , therefore , direct the State Government of Rajasthan — and indeed , all the other ILA . No . 26542/2018 IN WP ( C ) No.406/2013 Page 4of 7