position . In paragraph 209 of the Report it is rather felicitously stated as follows : “ 209 . There are numerous other circumstances justifying the passing of the lighter sentence ; as there are countervailing circumstances of aggravation . “ We can not obviously feed into a judicial computer all such situations since they are astrological imponderables in an imperfect and undulating society . ” Nonetheless , it can not be over-emphasised that the scope and concept of mitigating factors in the area of death penalty must receive a liberal and expansive construction by the courts in accord with the sentencing policy writ large in Section 354 ( 3 ) . Judges should never be bloodthirsty . Hanging of murderers has never been too good for them . ? Facts and Figures , albeit incomplete , furnished by the Union of India , show that in the past , courts have inflicted the extreme penalty with extreme infrequency — a fact which attests to the caution and compassion which they have always brought to bear on the exercise of their sentencing discretion in so grave a matter . It is , therefore , imperative to voice the concern that courts , aided by the broad illustrative guide-lines indicated by us , will discharge the onerous function with evermore scrupulous care and humane concern , directed along the highroad of legislative policy outlined in Section 354 ( 3 ) viz. that for persons convicted of murder , life imprisonment is the rule and death sentence an exception . A real and abiding concern for the dignity of human life postulates resistance to taking a life through law 's instrumentality . That ought not to be done save in the rarest of rare cases when the alternative option is unquestionably foreclosed . ” ( Emphasis supplied by us ) . 16 . Following the view laid down by the Constitution Bench of this Court , we endorse and accept that socio-economic factors must be taken into consideration while awarding a sentence particularly the ground realities relating to access to justice and remedies to justice that are not easily available to the poor and the needy . 3 We may add that hanging of murderers has never been too good for them either ! R.P. ( Crl . ) No. 245 of 2010 in Crl . Appeal No. 811 of 2009 Page 9 of 19