independence . The appellant has trampled these lofty ideals and traditions of this country under his foot . He extinguished all members of a family in a most cruel and gruesome manner . He became instrumental in causing black and unmitigated tragedy and caused shudders to the society . In causing death of six members of a family , he acted in a most cruel and diabolical manner . He used every possible instrument in the house to cause their death . As the confession goes if knives would not be enough to kill the inmates , he would use furniture in the house to strike them , and if that be not enough he would axe them , and even if that be not enough he would electrocute them and if still not enough he would strangulate them . In cruelty and brutality , he exceeded all limits . It is unimaginable , unthinkable and difficult to believe that after causing six murders by splashing blood all around the house , he would sit in the same house for almost five hours as if he was not siting amongst six dead people , but amongst trophies won by him ina prestigious event . He has no respect , no care , no dignity , no mercy for human life . His living in this world is most dangerous to the society . We need not refer to various judicial precedents as every case has its own facts , but would hasten to make reference to only one case which appears nearest on facts of the present case . In Dayanidhi Bisoi v. State of Orissa , 2003 Crl.L.J . 3697 ( SC ) , a case which was based upon circumstantial evidence , accused was related to the deceased . He was enjoying hospitality and kindness of deceased in the evening . He killed entire family of deceased which included a three years child in the night . Murders were committed when the victims were sleeping and there was no provocation from the victims . The motive was only to gain financial benefits . The Supreme Court found it to be case of cold blooded murder with premeditated approach of accused . It was held to be a rarest of rare case . The accused was sentenced to death . ” 7 . Feeling aggrieved by his conviction and confirmation of the death sentence , the appellant preferred Criminal Appeal No. 811 of 2009 in this Court which was dismissed by a judgment and order dated 22 ™ April , 2009 . This Court did not at all advert to or discuss the quantum of sentence R.P. ( Crl . ) No. 245 of 2010 in Crl . Appeal No. 811 of 2009 Page 5 of 19