15 . It also gives benefit to these undertakings and enterprises which have undertaken substantial expansion during the periods mentioned therein . As there is no dispute that all these assessees are covered by the provisions of sub - section ( 2 ) , that aspect need not be stated in detail . We , thus , reproduce those portions of the provision which are relevant for our discussion : “ S.80-IC . Special Provisions in respect of certain undertakings or enterprises in certain special category States . — ( 1 ) Where the gross total income of an assessee includes any profits and gains derived by an undertaking or an enterprise from any business referred to in sub - section ( 2 ) , there shall , in accordance with and subject to the provisions of this section , be allowed , in computing the total income of the assessee , a deduction from such profits and gains , as specified in sub - section ( 3 ) . XXX XXX XXX ( 3 ) | The deduction referred to in sub - section ( 1 ) shall be ( l ) in the case of any undertaking or enterprise referred to in sub - clauses ( I ) and ( iii ) of clause ( a ) or sub - clauses ( I ) and ( iii ) or clause ( b ) , of sub - section ( 2 ) , one hundred per cent , of such profits and gains for ten assessment years commencing with the initial assessment years ; ( ii ) | in the case of any undertaking or enterprise referred to in sub - clause ( ii ) of clause ( a ) or sub - clause ( ii ) of clause ( b ) , of sub - section ( 2 ) , one hundred per cent of such profits and gains for five assessment years commencing with the initial assessment year and thereafter , twenty - five per cent . ( or thirty per cent where the assessee is a company ) of the profits and gains . ( 6 ) Notwithstanding anything contained in this Act , no deduction shall be allowed to any undertaking or enterprise under this section , where the total period of deduction inclusive of the period of deduction under this section , or under the second proviso to sub - section ( 4 ) of section 80 Civil Appeal No . 7208 OF 2018 & Ors . Page 11 of 17