departmental action/prosecution against the persons whose conduct comes into consideration before the court would have serious impact on their official career . In S.K. Viswambaran v. E. Koyakunju and Others ( 1987 ) 2 SCC 109 , this Court held as under : “ 9 . Stung by the remarks made against him without even a hearing ............ " 13 . We have also to point out a grievous procedural error committed by the High Court . Even assuming for argument ’s sake that for expunging the remarks against Respondents 2 and 3 the conduct of the appellant required scrutiny and merited adverse comment , the principles of natural justice required the High Court to have issued notice to the appellant and heard him before passing adverse remarks against him if it was considered necessary . By its failure the High Court has failed to render elementary justice to the appellant . 14 . In State of U.P. v. Mohd . Naim AIR 1964 SC 703 , it was held as follows : “ If there is one principle of cardinal importance in the administration of justice , it is this : the proper freedom and independence of Judges and Magistrates must be maintained and they must be allowed to perform their functions freely and fearlessly and without undue interference by anybody , even by this Court . At the same time , it is equally necessary that in expressing their opinions Judges and Magistrates must be guided by considerations of justice , fair play and restraint . It is not infrequent that sweeping generalisations defeat the very purpose for which they are made . It has been judicially recognised that in the matter of making disparaging remarks against persons or authorities whose conduct comes into consideration before courts of law in cases to be decided by then , it is relevant to consider ( a ) whether the party whose conduct is in question is before the court or has an opportunity of explaining or defending himself ; ( b ) whether there is evidence on record bearing on that conduct justifying the remarks ; and ( c ) whether it is necessary for the decision of the case , as an integral part thereof , to animadvert on that conduct . It has also been recognised that judicial pronouncements must 23