upon administration of justice . It is possible that such forged document or forgery may cause a very serious or substantial injury to a person in the sense that it may deprive him of a very valuable property or status or the like , but such document may be just a piece of evidence produced or given in evidence in court , where voluminous evidence may have been adduced and the effect of such piece of evidence on the broad concept of administration of justice may be minimal . In such circumstances , the court may not consider it expedient in the interest of justice to make a complaint . ” The same principle was reiterated in Chintamani Malviya v. High Court of Madhya Pradesh ( 2018 ) 6 SCC 151 . 41 . It has been consistently held by this Court that prosecution for perjury be sanctioned by the courts only in those cases where perjury appears to be deliberate and that prosecution ought to be ordered where it would be expedient in the interest of justice to punish the delinquent and not merely because there is some inaccuracy in the statement . In Chajoo Ram v. Radhey Shyam and Another ( 1971 ) 1 SCC 774 , this Court held as under : “ 7 . The prosecution for perjury should be sanctioned by courts only in those cases where the perjury appears to be deliberate and conscious and the conviction is reasonably probable or likely . No doubt giving of false evidence and filing false affidavits is an evil which must be effectively curbed with a strong hand but to start prosecution for perjury too readily and too frequently without due care and caution and on inconclusive and doubtful material defeats its very purpose . Prosecution should be ordered when it is considered expedient in the interests of justice to punish the delinquent and not merely because there is some inaccuracy in the statement which may be innocent or immaterial . There must be prima facie case of deliberate falsehood on a matter of substance and the court should be satisfied that there is reasonable foundation for the charge . In the present case we do not think the material brought to our notice was sufficiently adequate to justify the conclusion that it is expedient in the interests of justice to file a 28