25 violation of the above mentioned conditions or of the NCTE Act would result in withdrawal of the recognition under the provisions of NCTE Act . Such non - compliance of the statutory conditions is more or less admitted in paragraph 5 to 9 of the supplementary affidavit filed by the Deemed University dated 5.10.2016 . It is stated that under the policy decision of the State of U.P. , private colleges were not given recognition for running of BTC course despite there being permission by the NCTE . The issue in that regard came to be settled under the judgment of the Division Bench of this Court dated 31.07.2009 wherein a direction was issued requiring the State Government to formulate a policy and not to create any impediment in running of BTC course by private institutions also who fulfill the norms prescribed by NCTE . It is needless to emphasize that under the same Division Bench judgment , it has clarified that mere grant of permission by NCTE does not amount to automatic affiliation for running the BTC course , until and unless the institution fulfills the norms which are prescribed by the NCTE . From paragraph 9 of the short counter affidavit of Deemed University , it is admitted that the State Government in terms of the Division Bench judgment of this court took a policy decision to grant recognition / affiliation to private institutions also for imparting training of BTC course under Government Order dated 15.01.2010 . What logically follows is that the question of any recognition being granted to a private institution up to 15.01.2010 for the BTC course in the State of U.P. does not arise . It is further admitted by the Deemed University in paragraph 20 of the same affidavit that during the transition period |.e . between 2005 to 2008 , formalities as required for recognition from the examining body had not been completed and now BTC course is being run as per the norms of NCTE . In paragraph 21 of the same affidavit , it is admitted that teachers were duly appointed in 2010 and onwards and entrance examination of the students was conducted after making advertisement in the newspaper . ” 32 ) Mr. Dwivedi has tried to argue that insofar as this University is concerned , Regulations , 2002 applied and not Regulations , 2009 . He has submitted that Regulation 6 of Regulations , 2002 contemplated an NOC from the State Government at a pre - condition stage and