20 Arbitration ( Protocol and Convention ) Act , 1937 and The Foreign Awards ( Recognition and Enforcement ) Act , 1961 . It was widely felt the 1940 Act , which contains the General Law of Arbitration , has become outdated . The Arbitration and Conciliation Act , 1996 came in force to consolidate and amend the Law relating to Domestic Arbitrations , International Commercial Arbitration , enforcement of foreign arbitral awards and to define the law relating to conciliation , commission on international trade in short ( UNCITRAL ) Model Law and Rules . Apart from other object , the object of the Act is to provide that every final arbitral award is enforced in the same manner as if it were a decree of the Court . While Arbitration and Conciliation Act , 1996 was enforced , no amendment was made in the definition of award given in the Indian Stamp Act . Similarly , the Schedule which lays down the stamp duty payable on award was not amended by including the foreign award . It appears that law makers while enforcing the Arbitration and Conciliation Act , 1996 was of the view that foreign award shall be enforceable as if it were a decree of the Court , no amendment was brought either in the definition of award or in the Schedule relating to payment of stamp duty on award . Since the definition of award given at Entry No . 11 of the Schedule of the Indian Stamp Act does not cover the foreign award and one of the objects to enforce the new Act was to enforce final award as if it was a decree and keeping in view the law laid down by the Hon'ble Apex Court in the matter of Fuerst Day Lawson Ltd. ( supra ) , wherein the Hon'ble Supreme Court has held that under the new Act the foreign award is already stamped as decree , this Court is of the view that the petition filed by the petitioner has no merits and deserves to be dismissed . In view of this , the petition filed by the petitioner is disposed of holding that foreign award is already stamped and is enforceable as decree . ” 21 . The reasoning contained in paragraph 12 has our approval , short of the reasoning contained following Fuerst Day Lawson ( supra ) which , as we have already stated above , did not indicate that foreign awards can never suffer stamp duty . 22 . The other judgment heavily relied upon by Shri Viswanathan , namely