7 7 . Notably , this Court in the case of Kiran Pal Singh Vs . The State of Uttar Pradesh & Ors . ( in C.A. No.2622 of 2018 decided on 17th May , 2018)3 has had an occasion to explicate on the purport of Section 15(2 ) of the Act . In paragraph 15 of this decision the Court observed thus : “ 15 . To appreciate the controversy , we have to understand the scheme engrafted under Section 15 of the Act . Subsection ( 2 ) of Section 15 provides that a written notice of intention to make the motion in such form as may be prescribed , signed by at least half of the total number of elected members of the Kshettra Panchayat for the time being together with a copy of the proposed motion , shall be delivered in person , by any one of the members signing the notice , to the Collector having jurisdiction over the Kshettra Panchayat . Subsection ( 3 ) requires the Collector to convene a meeting . At this stage , the jurisdiction that the Collector has is only to scan the notice to find out whether it fulfills the essential requirements of a valid notice . The exercise of the said discretion , as we perceive , has to be summary in nature . There can not be a detailed inquiry with regard to the validity of the notice . We are obliged to think so as subsection ( 3 ) mandates that a meeting has to be convened not later than 30 days from the date of delivery of the notice and further there should be at least 15 days ’ notice to be given to all the elected members of the Kshettra Panchayat . The Collector , therefore , should not assume power to enter into an arena or record a finding on seriously disputed questions of facts relating to fraud , undue influence or coercion . His only duty is to determine whether there has been a valid notice as contemplated under Subsection ( 2 ) of Section 15 . His delving deep to conduct a regular inquiry would frustrate the provision . He must function within his own limits and leave the rest to be determined in the meeting . ” ( emphasis supplied ) 3 2018 ( 7 ) SCALE 605