14 “ 4 . The service rendered by an employee at the place from where he was transferred on compassionate grounds is regular service . It is no different from the service rendered at the place where he is transferred . Both the periods are taken into account for the purpose of leave and retiral benefits . The fact that as a result of transfer he is placed at the bottom of the seniority list at the place of transfer does not wipe out his service at the place from where he was transferred . The said service , being regular service in the grade , has to be taken into account as part of his experience for the purpose of eligibility for promotion and it can not be ignored only on the ground that it was not rendered at the place where he has been transferred . In our opinion , the Tribunal has rightly held that the service held at the place from where the employee has been transferred has to be counted as experience for the purpose of eligibility for promotion at the place where he has been transferred . ” ( emphasis supplied ) 15 . This view has been restated by another two - Judge Bench of this Court in V.M. Joseph ( supra ) , in paragraph 6 which reads as follows : “ 6 . From the facts set out above , it will be seen that promotion was denied to the respondent on the post of Senior Storekeeper on the ground that he had completed 3 years of regular service as Storekeeper on 7 - 6 - 1980 and , therefore , he could not be promoted earlier than 1980 . In coming to this conclusion , the appellants excluded the period of service rendered by the respondent in the Central Ordnance Depot , Pune , as a Storekeeper for the period from 27 - 4 - 1971 to 6 - 6 - 1977 . The appellants contended that , since the respondent had been transferred on compassionate grounds on his own request to the post of Storekeeper at Cochin and was placed at the bottom of the seniority list , the period of 3 years of regular service can be treated to commence only from the date on which he was transferred to Cochin . This is obviously fallacious inasmuch as _ the respondent had already acquired the status of a permanent employee at Pune where he had rendered more than 3 years of service as a Storekeeper . Even if an employee is