the succeeding sections in Chapter XV to the Code of 1973 , he is said to have taken cognizance of the offence within the meaning to Section 190(1 ) ( a ) . If , instead of proceeding under Chapter XV , he has , in the judicial exercise of his discretion , taken action of some other kind , such as issuing a search warrant for the purpose of investigation , or ordering investigation by the police under Section 156(3 ) , he can not be said to have taken cognizance of any offence . ” “ 17 . Section 156(3 ) occurs in Chapter XII , under the caption : “ Information to the Police and their powers to investigate ” ; while Section 202 is in Chapter XV which bears the heading : “ Of complaints to Magistrates ” . The power to order police investigation under Section 156(3 ) is different from the power to direct investigation conferred by Section 202(1 ) . The two operate in distinct spheres at different stages . The first is exercisable at the pre - cognizance stage , the second at the postcognizance stage when the Magistrate is in seisin of the case . That is to say in the case of a complaint regarding the commission of a cognizable offence , the power under Section 156(3 ) can be invoked by the Magistrate before he takes cognizance of the offence under Section 190(1)(a ) . But if he once takes such cognizance and embarks upon the procedure embodied in Chapter XV , he is not competent to switch back to the pre - cognizance stage and avail of Section 156(3 ) . It may be noted further that an order made under sub - section ( 3 ) of Section 156 , is in the nature of a peremptory reminder or intimation to the police to exercise their plenary powers of investigation under Section 156(1 ) . Such an investigation embraces the entire continuous process which begins with the collection of evidence under Section 156 and ends with a report or charge - sheet under Section 173 . On the other hand , Section 202 comes in at a stage when some evidence has been collected by the Magistrate in proceedings under Chapter XV , but the same is deemed insufficient to take a decision as to the next step in the prescribed procedure . In such a situation , the Magistrate is empowered under Section 202 to direct , within the limits Page 15 of 30