LB ) . 7.4 . The absence of this bare minimum requirement must not be viewed as a mere technicality , but an essential requirement to maintain a challenge for impugning practises of any religious sect , or denomination . Permitting PILs in religious matters would open the floodgates to interlopers to question religious beliefs and practises , even if the petitioner is not a believer of a particular religion , or a worshipper of a particular shrine . The perils are even graver for religious minorities if such petitions are entertained . Dr. A.M. Singhvi , Senior Advocate appeared on behalf of the Travancore Devaswom Board , and submitted an illustrative list of various religious institutions where restrictions on the entry of both men and women exist on the basis of religious beliefs and practises being followed since time immemorial.!8 In matters of religion and religious practises , Article 14 can be invoked only by persons who are similarly situated , that is , persons belonging to the same faith , creed , or sect . The Petitioners do not state that they are devotees of Lord Ayyappa , who are aggrieved by the practises followed in the Sabarimala Temple . The right to equality under Article 14 in matters of religion and religious beliefs has to be viewed differently . It has to be adjudged amongst the worshippers of 18 Annexure C-8 in the Non - Case Law Convenience Compilation submitted by Dr. A.M. Singhvi , Senior Advocate enlists places of worship where women are not allowed . This list includes the Nizamuddin Dargah in New Delhi , Lord Kartikeya Temple in Pehowa , Haryana and Pushkar , Rajasthan ; Bhavani Deeksha Mandapam in Vijaywada ; Patbausi Satra in Assam ; Mangala Chandi Temple in Bokaro , Jharkhand . Annexure C-7 in the Non - Case Law Convenience Compilation submitted by Dr. A.M. Singhvi , Senior Advocate enlists places of worship where women are not allowed . This list includes the Temple of Lord Brahma in Pushkar , Rajasthan ; the Bhagati Maa Temple in Kanya Kumari , Kerala ; the Attukal Bhagavathy Temple in Kerala ; the Chakkulathukavu Temple in Kerala ; and the Mata Temple in Muzaffarpur , Bihar . 24