Vivekananda and Mahatma Gandhi . The reforms were based upon societal morality , much before Constitutional Morality came into place . 14.4 . Article 11 of the Draft Constitution corresponds to Article 17 of our present Constitution.55 > A perusal of the Constituent Assembly debates on Article 11 of the Draft Constitution would reflect that “ untouchability ” refers to caste - based discrimination faced by Harijans , and not women as contended by the Petitioners . During the debates , Mr. V.I. Muniswamy Pillai had stated : “ ... Sir , under the device of caste distinction , a certain section of people have been brought under the rope of untouchability , who have been suffering for ages under tyranny of so - called caste Hindus , and all those people who style themselves as landlords and zamindars , and were thus not allowed the ordinary rudimentary facilities required for a human being ... I am sure , Sir , by adoption of this clause , many a Hindu who is a Harijan , who is a scheduled class man will feel that he has been elevated in society and has now got a place in society ... ”5 © Dr. Monomohan Das , quotes Mahatma Gandhi while undeniably accepting the meaning of “ Untouchability ” as intended under the Constitution : “ ... Gandhii said I do not want to be reborn , but if Iam reborn , I wish that I should be born as a Harijan , as an untouchable , so that I may lead a continuous struggle , a life - long struggle against the oppressions and indignities that have been heaped upon these classes of people . 55 “ 11 . “ Untouchability ” is abolished and its practice in any form is forbidden . The enforcement of any disability arising out of “ Untouchability " shall be an offence punishable in accordance with law . ” Draft Constitution of India , Drafting Committee of the Constituent Assembly of India ( Manager Government of India Press , New Delhi , 1948 ) available at http : //14.139.60.114:8080 / jspui/ bitstream /123456789/966/7 / Fundamental%20Rights% 20%285 - 12%29.pdf 56 Statement of Shri V.I. Muniswamy Pillai , Constituent Assembly Debates ( November 29 , 1948 ) 68