PART | In his writing titled “ Slaves and Untouchables ” ® ' , he described “ untouchability ” to be worse than slavery . In his words : .. untouchability is obligatory . A person is permitted to hold another as his slave . There is no compulsion on him if he does not want to . But an Untouchable has no option . Once he is born an Untouchable , he is subject to all the disabilities of an Untouchable ... [ U]ntouchability is an indirect and therefore the worst form of slavery ... It is enslavement without making the Untouchables conscious of their enslavement . ”92 Dr Ambedkar ’s thoughts and ideas bear an impact of other social reformers who preceded him , in particular Jyotirao Phule and Savitribai Phule . In 1873 , in the preface to his book titled “ Gulamgiri ” ( Slavery ) , Jyotirao Phule made a stinging critique on the cause of “ untouchability ” : “ [ The ] Sudras and Atisudras were regarded with supreme hatred and contempt , and the commonest rights of humanity were denied [ to ] them . Their touch , nay , even their shadow , is deemed a pollution . They are considered as mere chattels , and their life of no more value than that of meanest reptile ... How far the Brahmins have succeeded in their endeavours to enslave the minds of the Sudras and Atisudras ... For generations past [ the Sudras and Atisudras ] have borne these chains of slavery and bondage ... This system of slavery , to which the Brahmins reduced the lower classes is in no respect inferior to that which obtained a few years ago in America . In the days of rigid Brahmin dominancy , so lately as that of the time of the Peshwa , my Sudra brethren had even greater hardships and oppression practiced upon them than what even the slaves in America had to suffer . To this system of selfish superstition and bigotry , we are to attribute the stagnation and all the evils under which India has been groaning for many centuries past . ”99 ° 1 Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar : Writings and Speeches , ( Vasant Moon ed . ) Government of Maharashtra , Vol . 5 ( 2014 ) , at pages 9 - 18 % Ibid , at page 15 88 India Dissents : 3,000 Years of Difference , Doubt and Argument , ( Ashok Vajpeyi ed . ) , Speaking Tiger Publishing Private Limited ( 2017 ) , at pages 86 - 88 103