PART K treatment on the ground of age . And , therefore , if age is thus not a prohibited basis for differentiation , it was not necessary to provide any express saving clause in Article 15(3 ) to the effect that “ nothing in this Article shall prevent the State from making any special provisions for children , ” because nothing in Article 15(1 ) or Article 15(2 ) would forbid such special provision ... There , the mere fact that some matter has been specifically dealt with by one or more Articles in Part Ill or anywhere else , would not , by itself , warrant the conclusion that the same has not been or can not be covered by or included or dealt with again in any other Article or Articles in Part III or elsewhere . ” 95 The rights guaranteed under Part III of the Constitution have the common thread of individual dignity running through them . There is a degree of overlap in the Articles of the Constitution which recognize fundamental human freedoms and they must be construed in the widest sense possible . To say then that the inclusion of an Article in the Constitution restricts the wide ambit of the rights guaranteed , can not be sustained . Article 17 was introduced by the framers to incorporate a specific provision in regard to untouchability . The introduction of Article 17 reflects the transformative role and vision of the Constitution . It brings focus upon centuries of discrimination in the social structure and posits the role of the Constitution to bring justice to the oppressed and marginalized . The penumbra of a particular article in Part Ill which deals with a specific facet of freedom may exist elsewhere in Part Ill. That is because all freedoms share an inseparable connect . They exist together and it is in their co - existence that the vision of dignity , liberty and equality is realized . As noted in Puttaswamy , “ the Constituent Assembly thought it fit that some aspects of liberty require a more emphatic declaration so as to restrict the authority of the State to abridge or curtail them ” . The rationale adopted by Justice Gajendragadkar in Narasu for 135