PART K contravention of this clause shall , to the extent of the contravention , be void . ( 3 ) In this article , unless the context otherwise requires , — ( a ) “ law ” includes any Ordinance , order , bye - law , rule , regulation , notification , custom or usage having in the territory of India the force of law ; ( b ) “ laws in force ” includes laws passed or made by a Legislature or other competent authority in the territory of India before the commencement of this Constitution and not previously repealed , notwithstanding that any such law or any part thereof may not be then in operation either at all or in particular areas . ( 4 ) Nothing in this article shall apply to any amendment of this Constitution made under article 368 . ” 92 _ _ A Division Bench of the Bombay High Court in The State of Bombay v Narasu Appa Mali ( “ Narasu ” ) , ' ? ° considered the ambit of Article 13 , particularly in the context of custom , usage and personal law . The constitutional validity of the Bombay Prevention of Hindu Bigamous Marriages Act 1946 was considered . It was contended that a provision of personal law which permits polygamy violates the guarantee of non - discrimination under Article 15 , and that such a practice had become void under Article 13(1 ) after the Constitution came into force . The Bombay High Court considered the question of “ whether in the expression ‘ all laws in force ’ appearing in Article 13(1 ) ‘ personal laws ’ were included ” . Chief Justice Chagla opined that ‘ custom or usage ’ would be included in the definition of ‘ laws in force ’ in Article 13(1 ) . The learned Chief Justice held : “ 15 ... The Solicitor General 's contention is that this definition of “ law ” only applies to Article 13(2 ) and not to Article 13(1 ) . According to him it is only the definition of “ laws in force ” that 126 AIR 1952 Bom 84 ; In the proceedings before the Sessions Judge of South Satara , the accused was acquitted and the Bombay Prevention of Hindu Bigamous Marriages Act 1946 was held invalid . The cases arise from these proceedings 128