“ In other words the courts can determine what is an integral part of religion and what is not . The word essential is now in familiar use for this purpose . As we shall there is a context in which the religious community is allowed freedom to determine what is ‘ essential ’ to its belief and practise , but the individual has_no freedom to determine what is essential to_his religion . for if it were otherwise and if the law gave any protection to religion as determined on this basis the State ’s power to protect and_direct would _ be at an _ end . Therefore , the courts can discard as non - essentials anything which is not proved to their satisfaction — and_they are not religious leaders or in_any relevant fashion qualified in such matters — to be essential , with the_result that it would have no Constitutional protection . The Constitution does not say _ freely_to profess , practise and propagate _ the essentials of religion , but this is how it is construed . ”3 + ( Emphasis supplied and internal quotations omitted )    10.3 . The House of Lords in Regina v. Secretary of State for Education and Employment & Ors.5 , held that the court ought not to embark upon an enquiry into the validity or legitimacy of asserted beliefs on the basis of objective standards or rationality . The relevant extract from the decision of the House of Lords is reproduced hereinbelow : “ It is necessary first to clarify the court ’s role in identifying a religious belief calling for protection under article 9 . When the genuineness of a claimant ’s professed belief is an issue in the proceedings the court will enquire into and decide this issue as a_question of fact . This _ is_a limited inquiry . The Court is concerned to ensure an assertion of religious belief is made in good faith : neither fictitious , nor capricious , and that it is not an artifice , to adopt the felicitous phrase of Iacobucci J in the decision of the Supreme Court of Canada in Syndicat Northcrest v. Amselem ( 2004 ) 241 DLR ( 4 ) 1 , 27 , para 52 . But , emphatically , it is not for the Court to embark on an inquiry into the_asserted_belief and judge its validity by some_objective standard such as the source material upon which the claimant founds _ his _ belief or the orthodox teaching of the_religion in question or the extent to which the claimant ’s belief conforms to or differs from the views of others professing the same religion . Freedom of religion protects the subjected belief of an individual . As Iacobucci J also noted , at page 28 , para 54 ,    34 J. Duncan M. Derett , Religion , Law and the State in India ( 1968 ) , at p. 447 35 [ 2005 ] UKHL 15 37