particular beliefs or practises to a faith , or the validity of particular litigants interpretations of those creeds ... Repeatedly and in many different contexts we have warned that courts must not presume to determine the_place of a _ particular_belief in_a _ religion or the plausibility of a religious claim ... ” ( Emphasis supplied ; internal quotations omitted ) 10.5 . The observations of Chinnappa Reddy , J. in Bijoe Emmanuel & Ors . v. State of Kerala & Ors . ( supra ) are instructive in understanding the nature of the protection afforded under Article 25 , and the role of the Court in interpreting the same . The relevant extract from the opinion of Chinnappa Reddy , J. is extracted hereinbelow : “ 18 . Article 25 is an article of faith in the Constitution , incorporated in recognition of the principle that the real test of a true democracy is the ability of even an insignificant minority to find its identity under the country ’s Constitution . This has to borne in mind in interpreting Article 25 ... ” 10.6 . A reference to the following extracts from the judgment of Khehar , C.J.I. in Shayara Bano v. Union of India & Ors . * ° is also instructive with respect to the role of Courts in matters concerning religious faiths and beliefs : “ 389 . It is not difficult to comprehend what kind of challenges would be raised by rationalist assailing practises of different faiths on diverse grounds , based on all kinds of enlightened sensibilities . We have to be guarded lest we find our conscience traversing into every nook and corner of religious practises , and Personal Law . Can a court , based on a righteous endeavour , declare that a matter of faith be replaced , or be completely done away with? ... This wisdom emerging from judgments rendered by this Court is unambiguous namely , that while examining the issues falling in the realm of religious practises or Personal Law , it is not for a court to make a choice of something which it considers as forward - looking or non - fundamentalist . It is not for a_court to determine whether religious practises were prudent or progressive or regressive . Religion and Personal Law , must be perceived , as it is accepted by the followers of the faith ... ” 40 ( 2017 ) 9 SCC 1 40