It is true that the decision of the question as to whether a certain practice is a religious practice or not , as well as the question as to whether an affair in question is an affair in matters of religion or not , may present difficulties because sometimes practices , religious and secular , are inextricably mixed up . This is more particularly so in regard to Hindu religion because as is well known , under the provisions of ancient Smritis , all human actions from birth to death and most of the individual actions from day - to - day are regarded as religious in character . As an illustration , we may refer to the fact that the Smritis regard marriage as a sacrament and not a contract . Though the task of disengaging the secular from the religious may not be easy , it must nevertheless be attempted in dealing with the claims for protection under Arts 25(1 ) and 26(b ) . If the practice which is protected under the former is a religious practice , and if the right which is protected under the latter is the right to manage affairs in matters of religion , it is necessary that in judging about the merits of the claim made in that behalf the Court must be satisfied that the practice is religious and the affair is in regard to a matter of religion . In dealing with this problem under Arts . 25(1 ) and 26(b ) , Latham C.J. ’s observation in Adelaide Company of Jehovah 's Witnesses Incorporated v. The Commonwealth [ 67 CLR 116 , 123 ] , that “ what is religion to one is superstition to another ’ , on which Mr. Pathak relies , is of no relevance . If an obviously secular matter is claimed to be matter of religion , or if an obviously secular practice is alleged to be a religious practice , the Court would be justified in rejecting the claim because the protection guaranteed by Art . 25(1 ) and Art . 26(b ) can not be extended to secular practices and affairs in regard to denominational matters which are not matters of religion , and so , a claim made by a citizen that a purely secular matter amounts to a religious 34