PART M liberty . Group rights have been recognized by the Constitution in order to provide a platform to individuals within those denominations to realize fulfilment and self - determination . Gautam Bhatia ' ® ® in a seminal article on the subject succinctly observes : “ While it is true that Article 26(b ) makes groups the bearers of rights , as pointed out above , the Constitution does not state the basis of doing so . It does not clarify whether groups are granted rights for the instrumental reason that individuals can only achieve self - determination and fulfilment within the ‘ context of choice ’ ' ® ’ provided by communities , or whether the Constitution treats groups , along with individuals , as constitutive units worthy of equal concern and respect . ' ® ® The distinction is crucial , because the weight that must be accorded to group integrity , even at the cost of blocking individual access to important public goods , can only be determined by deciding which vision the Constitution subscribes to . ” Relevant to the subject which this section explores , Bhatia ’s thesis is that the essential religious practices doctrine , which lacks a sure constitutional foundation , has led the court into a maze in the process of unraveling theological principles . While deciding what is or is not essential to religion , the court has ventured into areas where it lacks both the competence and legitimacy to pronounce on the importance of specific doctrines or beliefs internal to religion . In making that determination , the court essentially imposes an external point of view . Imposition of an external perspective about what does or does not 156 Gautam Bhatia , Freedom from community : Individual rights , group life , state authority and religious freedom under the Indian Constitution , Global Constitutionalism , Cambridge University Press ( 2016 ) . 187 C Taylor , The Politics of Recognition in Multiculturalism : Examining the Politics of Recognition ( A Gutmann ed . ) Princeton University Press ( 1994 ) 158 R Bhargava , Introduction Multiculturalism in Multiculturalism , Liberalism and Democracy ( R Bhargava et al . eds ) , Oxford University Press ( 2007 ) 155