PART H The Court held that the “ spiritual fraternity ” represented by followers of Shri Madhavacharya , constitute a religious denomination : “ 15.It is well known that the practice of setting up Maths as centres of theological teaching was started by Shri Sankaracharya and was followed by various teachers since then . After Sankara , came a galaxy of religious teachers and philosophers who founded the different sects and sub - sects of the Hindu religion that we find in India at the present day . Each one of such sects or sub - sects can certainly be called a religious denomination , as it is designated by a distinctive name , — in many cases it is the name of the founder , — and has a common faith and common . spiritual organisation . The followers of Ramanuja , who are known by the name of Shri Vaishnabas , undoubtedly constitute a religious denomination ; and so do the followers of Madhwacharya and other religious teachers . It is a fact well established by tradition that the eight Udipi Maths were founded by Madhwacharya himself and the trustees and the beneficiaries of these Maths profess to be followers of that teacher ... ” ( Emphasis supplied ) 61 In Devaru , Justice Venkatarama Aiyyar considered whether the Gowda Saraswath Brahmins , associated with the Sri Venkataramana Temple , can be regarded as a religious denomination . In doing so , the Court undertook a factual enquiry : “ 14 ... Now , the facts found are that the members of this community migrated from Gowda Desa first to the Goa region and then to the south , that they carried with them their idols , and that when they were first settled in Moolky , a temple was founded and these idols were installed therein . We are therefore concerned with the Gowda Saraswath Brahmins not as a section of a community but as a sect associated with the foundation and maintenance of the Sri Venkataramana Temple , in other words , not as a mere denomination , but as a religious denomination . From the evidence of PW 1 , it appears that the Gowda Saraswath Brahmins have three Gurus , that those in Moolky Petah are followers of the head of the Kashi Mutt , and that it is he that performs some of the important ceremonies in the temple . Exhibit A is a document of the year 1826 - 27 . That shows that 79