PART | necessary corollaries and , therefore , | do not accept this amendment . The other amendment is by Mr. Nagappa who has suggested that for the words “ imposition of any disability ’ the words “ observance of any disability ’ may be substituted . | can not understand his point . | can observe one man imposing a disability on another , and | will be guilty | have observed it . | do not think such extreme things should be provided for . The removal ofuntouchabilityis the main idea , and if untouchability is made illegal or an offence , it is quite enough . The next amendment was moved by Mr. Kunhiraman . He has suggested the insertion of ‘ punishable by law ’ . We have provided that imposition of untouchability shall be an offence . Perhaps his idea is that an offence could be excusable , or sometimes an offence may be rewarded . Offence is an offence ; it is not necessary to provide that offence should be punishable by law . Sir , | do not accept this amendment either . Then , it was proposed that for the words ‘ any form ’ , the words ‘ all forms ’ be substituted . Untouchability in any form is a legal phraseology , and no more addition is necessary . ” ® ! After Patel ’s explanation , HV Kamath and P Kunhiraman withdrew their amendments , while the amendment moved by Nagappan was rejected . Clause 6 was adopted by the Constituent Assembly . However , in the Draft Constitution ( dated October 1947 ) prepared by the constitutional advisor , B N Rau , the third amendment moved by Kunhiraman was adopted in effect and after the word “ offence ” the words “ which shall be punishable in accordance with law ” were inserted . ® * On 30 - 31 October 1947 , the Drafting Committee considered the “ untouchability ” provision and redrafted it as article 11 . It was proposed ® by Dr Ambedkar before the Constituent Assembly as follows : 81 Constituent Assembly Debates ( 29 April 1947 ) 82 B Shiva Rao , The Framing of India ’s Constitution : A Study , Indian Institution of Public Administration ( 1968 ) , at page 204 83 B Shiva Rao , The Framing of India ’s Constitution : A Study , Indian Institution of Public Administration ( 1968 ) , at page 205 96