PART K Similarly , in Maneka , a seven judge Bench was faced with a constitutional challenge to Section 10(3)(c ) of the Passports Act 1967 . Striking the section down as violating Article 14 of the Constitution , Justice P N Bhagwati held : “ 5 ... It is said that the freedom to move freely is carved out of personal liberty and , therefore , the expression ‘ personal liberty ’ in Article 21 excludes that attribute . In our view , this is not a correct approach . Both are independent fundamental rights , though there is overlapping . There is no question of one being carved out of another . The fundamental right of life and personal liberty has many attributes and some of them are found in Article 19 . If a person 's fundamental right under Article 21 is infringed , the State can rely upon a law to sustain the action , but that can not be a complete answer unless the said law satisfies the test laid down in Article 19(2 ) so far as the attributes covered by Article 19(1 ) are concerned . ”1 % ° ( Emphasis supplied ) In the Special Courts Bill Reference , ' * ' a seven judge Bench of this Court , considered a reference under Article 143(1 ) on the question whether the Special Courts Bill , 1978 or any of its provisions , if enacted , would be constitutionally invalid . Justice Y V Chandrachud ( writing for himself , Justice P N Bhagwati , Justice R S Sarkaria , and Justice Murtaza Fazl Ali ) held that an attempt must be made to “ to harmonize the various provisions of the Constitution and not to treat any part of it as otiose or superfluous . ” The learned Judge held : “ 49 ... Some amount of repetitiveness or overlapping is inevitable in a Constitution like ours which , unlike the American Constitution , is drawn elaborately and runs into minute details . There is , therefore , all the greater reason why , while construing our Constitution , care must be taken to see that powers conferred by its different provisions are permitted their full play 180 Ibid , at page 279 131 ( 1979 ) 1 SCC 380 133