PART H membership at the age of fifty . Such a requirement takes away from the spiritual character of the denomination . 66 ‘ The decision of the Kerala High Court in Mahendran brought on the record several facets which would in fact establish that Ayyappans do not constitute a religious denomination . While it is stated in the impugned notification that women between the age of ten and fifty five are forbidden from entering the temple as a matter of custom followed since time immemorial , the stand taken by the Respondent before the Kerala High Court differs to a great extent . The Board had submitted before the High Court : “ 7.\n olden days worshippers visit the temple only after observing penance for 41 days . Since pilgrims to Sabarimala temple ought to undergo ‘ Vrathams ’ or penance for 41 days , usually ladies between the age of 10 and 50 will not be physically capable of observing vratham for 41 days on physiological grounds . The religious practices and customs followed earlier had changed during the last 40 years particularly from 1950 , the year in which the renovation of the temple took place after the “ fire disaster ’ . Even while the old customs prevailed , women used to visit the temple though very rarely . The Maharaja of Travancore accompanied by the Maharani and the Divan had visited the temple in 1115 M.E. There was thus no prohibition for women to enter the Sabarimala temple in olden days , but women in large number were not visiting the temple . That was not because of any prohibition imposed by Hindu religion but because of other non - religious factors . In recent years , many worshippers had gone to the temple with lady worshippers within the age group 10 to 50 for the first rice - feeding ceremony of their children ( Chottoonu ) . The Board used to issue receipts on such occasions on payment of the prescribed charges . A change in the old custom and practice was brought about by installing a flag staff ( Dhwajam ) in 1969 . Another change was brought about by the introduction of Padipooja . These were done on the advice of the Thanthri . Changes were also effected in other practices . The practice of breaking coconuts on the 18 steps was discontinued and worshippers were allowed to 86