“ 10 . Having held so , the Hon’ble Court has further held that the power under Section 17A(2 ) is the statutory power and normally there could be no estoppel against the exercise of statutory power and upheld the recommendation of the State Government seeking for approval of the Central Government . It is clear that , in the instant case , the undisputed fact is that the contesting respondents in any event have not been granted the prospecting licence or mining lease and as such the area in question is not the one which is already held under a prospecting licence or mining lease . Therefore , if the above decision is kept in view , the State Government was well within its powers to seek approval of the Central Government to reserve the area in question . In any event , the Central Government before granting its approval would have to consider all these aspects of the matter and any such consideration by the Central Government could not have been stifled by the contesting respondents in the form of revision application and the revision authority was also not justified in interfering . The preferential right claimed by the contesting respondents can not be accepted at this stage and a direction could not have been issued to consider the applications of the contesting respondents by setting aside the communication dated 27.12.2008 . The appropriate procedure would be to allow the Central Government to take a decision on the approval sought by the State Government by its communication dated 27.12.2008 . Thereafter , the consideration or otherwise of the applications for prospecting licence by any other person including the contesting respondents would arise depending on the result of such consideration by the Central Government . If for any reason , the Central Government does not accede to the proposal of the State Government and in such situation if the applications remain open for consideration , then and only then the question of preferential right would arise for consideration . ” 9 . Consequently , the orders passed by the Central Government were set aside and the matter was remanded to the Central Government to take decision on the recommendation made by the State Government