12 Concurrent List gives power to the State Legislature to make laws regarding education , including technical education . Of course , this is subject to the provisions of Entry 63 , 64 , 65 and 66 of List I. Entry 66 of List I to which the legislative source is traced for the AICTE Act deals with the general power of the Parliament for coordination , determination of standards in institutions for higher education or research and scientific and technical educational institutions and Entry 65 deals with the union agencies and institutions for professional , vocational and technical training , including the training of police officers , etc . The State has certainly the legislative competence to pass the legislation in respect of education including technical education and Section 20 of the Act is intended for the general welfare of the citizens of the State and also in discharge of the constitutional duty enumerated under Article 41 of the Constitution . 14 . The general survey in various fields of technical education contemplated under Section 10(1)(a ) of the AICTE Act is not pertaining to the educational needs of any particular area in a State . It is a general supervisory survey to be conducted by the AICTE Council , for example , if any IIT is to be established in a particular region , a general survey could be conducted and the Council can very much conduct a survey regarding the location of that institution and collect data of all related matters . But as regards whether a particular educational institution is to be established in a particular area in a State , the State alone would be competent to say as to where that institution should be established . Section 20 of the AP Act and Section 10 of the Central Act operate in different fields and we do not see any repugnancy between the two provisions . 21 . The educational needs of the locality are to be ascertained and determined by the State . Having regard to the regulations framed under the AICTE Act , the representatives of the State have to be included in the ultimate decision - making process and having regard to the provisions of the Act , the Writ Petitioners would not in any way be prejudiced by such provisions in the A.P. Act . Moreover , the decision , if any , taken by the State authorities under Section 20(3)(a ) ( ) would be subject to judicial review and we do not think that the State could make any irrational decision about granting permission . Hence , we hold that Section 20(3)(a)(i ) is not in any way repugnant to Section 10 of the AICTE Act and it is constitutionally valid . ” 16 . In view of the aforesaid decision , the High Court has erred in law in holding that it was not permissible for the State Government to frame such a policy and the University was bound to issue NOC . The