11 different fields . The object and purpose of two enactments had been considered by this Court and it observed that if there are more colleges in a particular area , the State would be justified in not granting permission to one more college in that area . Entry 25 of the Concurrent List gives power to the State Legislature to make laws regarding education , including technical education . The AICTE Act deals with the general power of Parliament for coordination , determination of standards in institutions for higher education or research and scientific and technical educational institutions and Entry 65 of List I deals with the union agencies and institutions . The State has the competence to pass such legislation and Section 20 of the Act of 1982 is for the welfare of the State . The Court observed : “ 13 . It is in this background that the provisions contained in the two legislative enactments have to be scrutinized . The provisions of the AICTE Act are intended to improve the technical education and the various authorities under the Act have been given exclusive responsibility to coordinate and determine the standards of higher education . It is a general power given to evaluate , harmonize and secure proper relationship to any project of national importance . Such a coordinate action in higher education with a proper standard is of paramount importance to national progress . Section 20 of the AP Act does not in any way encroach upon the powers of the authorities under the Central Act . Section 20 says that the competent authority shall , from time to time , conduct a survey to identify the educational needs of the locality under its jurisdiction notified through the local newspapers calling for applications from the educational agencies . Section 20(3)(a)(i ) says that before permission is granted , the authority concerned must be satisfied that there is a need for providing educational facilities to the people in the locality . The State authorities alone can decide about the educational facilities and needs of the locality . If there are more colleges in a particular area , the State would not be justified in granting permission to one more college in that locality . Entry 25 of the