29 They would not apply to the case but in other appropriate courses . This Court observed that : “ 61 . Interpreting the statutory provisions , this Court held that by enacting Section 10A , Parliament had made " a complete and exhaustive provision covering the entire field for the establishment of a new medical college in the country " . No further scope is left for the operation of the State Legislation in the said field which was fully covered by the law made by Parliament . The Court , therefore , held that the proviso to Sub - section ( 5 ) of Section 5 of the State Act which required prior permission of the State Government for establishing a medical college was repugnant to Section 10A of the Central Act and to the extent of repugnancy , the State Act would not operate . The Court noted that in the scheme that had been prepared under the Regulations for the establishment of new medical colleges , one of the conditions for the qualifying criteria laid down was ' essentiality certificate ’ regarding the desirability and of having the proposed college at the proposed location which should be obtained from the State Government . The proviso to Sub - section ( 5 ) of Section 5 of the Act , therefore , must be construed only as regards " proposed location " . The ' essentiality certificate ’ , however , could not be withheld by the State Government on any ‘ policy consideration ’ inasmuch as the policy and the matter of establishment of new medical college rested with the Central Government alone . 62 . From the above decisions , in our judgment , the law appears to be very well settled . So far as co - ordination and determination of standards in institutions for higher education or research , scientific and technical institutions are concerned , the subject is exclusively covered by Entry 66 of List I of Schedule VII to the Constitution and State has no power to encroach upon the legislative power of Parliament . It is only when the subject is covered by Entry 25 of List III of Schedule VII to the Constitution that there is a concurrent power of Parliament as well as State Legislatures and appropriate Act can be by the State Legislature subject to limitations and restrictions under the Constitution . ”