it as ‘ a claim or privilege upon a thing to be carried into effect by legal process ’ [ Harmer v. Bell , ( 1851 ) 7 Moo PC 267 : 13 ER 884 ] . Law was shaped by exercise of discretion to what appeared just and proper in the circumstances of the case . Jurisdiction was assumed for injurious act done on high seas and the scope was extended , ‘ not only to British subjects but even to aliens ’ [ Hailey ( The ) , LR 2 PC 193 ] . Maritime law has been exercised all over the world by Maritime powers . In England it was part of Municipal law but with rise of Britain as empire the law grew and it is this law , that is , ‘ Maritime Law that is administered by the Admiralty Court ’ [ Halsbury 's Laws of England , 4th Edn. , Vol . 1 ] . From the Maritime law sprang the right known as Maritime lien ascribing personality to a ship for purposes of making good loss or damage done by it or its master or owner in tort or contract . In England it grew and was developed in course of which its scope was widened from damage done by a ship to claims of salvor , wages , bottomry , supply of necessaries and even to bills of lading . Its effect was to give the claimant a charge on res from the moment the lien arose which follows the res even if it changed hands . In other words a maritime lien represented a charge on the maritime property . The advantage which accrued to the maritime lienee was that he was provided with a security for his claim up to the value of the res . The essence of right was to identify the ship as wrongdoer and compel it by the arrest to make good the loss . Although the historical review in England dates back to the 14th Century but its statutory recognition was much later and ‘ maritime law came to jurisprudential maturity in the first half of the 19th Century ’ [ Maritime Liens by D.R. Thomas ] . And the first statutory recognition of such right came in 1840 when the Admiralty Court Act of 1840 was enacted empowering the admiralty court to decide all questions as to the title or ownership of any ship or vessel or the procedure thereof remaining in the territory arising in any cause of possession , salvage , damage , wages or bottomry . By clause ( 6 ) of the Act jurisdiction was extended to decide all claims and demands whatsoever in the nature of salvage for services rendered to or damage received by any ship or seagoing vessel or in the nature of towage or for necessaries Page 20 of 57