benefit for the payer of the cess and therefore the cess was in fact a tax . It was contended that Parliament lacked legislative competence to impose a tax on lands and buildings which was the effect of the Cess Act . 13 . In Builders Association of India v. Union of India ! the contentions urged were repelled by the Delhi High Court and the constitutional validity of the BOCW Act and the Cess Act was upheld . 14 . The Delhi High Court relied upon Hingir-Rampur Coal Co. Ltd. v. State of Orissa ” in which the Constitution Bench explained the difference between a tax , a fee and cess in the following words : beeeee It is true that between a tax and a fee there is no generic difference . Both are compulsory exactions of money by public authorities ; but whereas a tax is imposed for public purposes and is not , and need not , be supported by any consideration of service rendered in return , a fee is levied essentially for services rendered and as such there is an element of quid pro quo between the person who pays the fee and the public authority which imposes it . If specific services are rendered to a specific area or to a specific class of persons or trade or business in any local area , and as a condition precedent for the said services or in return for them cess is levied against the said area or the said class of persons or trade or business the cess is distinguishable from a tax and is described as a fee . Tax recovered by public authority invariably goes into the consolidated fund which ultimately is utilised for all public purposes , whereas a cess levied by way of fee is not intended to be , and does not become , a part of the consolidated fund . It is earmarked and set apart for the purpose of services for which it is levied . There is , however , an element of compulsion in the imposition of both tax and fee . When the Legislature decides to render a specific service to any area or to any class of persons , it is not open to the said area or to the said class of persons to plead that they do not want the 1 ILR ( 2007 ) 1 Del 1143 ? ( 1961 ) 2 SCR 537 W.P. ( C ) No. 318 of 2006 etc . Page 9 of 57