service and therefore they should be exempted from the payment of the cess . Though there is an element of quid pro quo between the tax payer and the public authority there is no option to the tax-payer in the matter of receiving the service determined by public authority . In regard to fees there is , and must always be , co-relation between the fee collected and the service intended to be rendered . Cases may arise where under the guise of levying a fee Legislature may attempt to impose a tax ; and in the case of such a colourable exercise of legislative power courts would have to scrutinise the scheme of the levy very carefully and determine whether in fact there is a co-relation between the service and the levy , or whether the levy is either not co-related with service or is levied to such an excessive extent as to be a pretence of a fee and not a fee in reality . In other words , whether or not a particular cess levied by a statute amounts to a fee or tax would always be a question of fact to be determined in the circumstances of each case ..... ” 15 . With regard to the objectives of the enactments , the Delhi High Court took sustenance from the decision of this Court in Bandhua Mukti Morcha v. Union of India . * The following passage was referred to and relied upon with regard to the purpose behind Article 21 , Article 39 , Article 41 and Article 42 of the Constitution . It was stated in Bandhua Mukti Morcha : 3 ( 1984 ) 3 SCC 161 4 ( 1981 ) 1 SCC 608 ae It is the fundamental right of everyone in this country , assured under the interpretation given to Article 21 by this Court in Francis Mullin case [ Francis Coralie Mullin v. Administrator , Union Territory of Delhi and others ] * to live with human dignity , free from exploitation . This right to live with human dignity enshrined in Article 21 derives its life breath from the Directive Principles of State Policy and particularly clauses ( e ) and ( f ) of Article 39 and Articles 41 and 42 and at the least , therefore , it must include protection of the health and strength of workers , men and women , and of the tender age of children against abuse , opportunities and facilities for children to develop in a healthy manner and in W.P. ( C ) No. 318 of 2006 etc . Page 10 of 57