conditions of freedom and dignity , educational facilities , just and humane conditions of work and maternity relief . These are the minimum requirements which must exist in order to enable a person to live with human dignity and no State — neither the Central Government nor any State Government — has the right to take any action which will deprive a person of the enjoyment of these basic essentials . Since the Directive Principles of State policy contained in clauses ( e ) and ( f ) of Article 39 , Articles 41 and 42 are not enforceable in a Court of law , it may not be possible to compel the State through the judicial process to make provision by statutory enactment or executive fiat for ensuring these basic essentials which go to make up a life of human dignity but where legislation is already enacted by the State providing these basic requirements to the workmen and thus investing their right to live with basic human dignity , with concrete reality and content , the State can certainly be obligated to ensure observance of such legislation for inaction on the part of the State in securing implementation of such legislation would amount to denial of the right to live with human dignity enshrined in Article 21 .......... . The Central Government is therefore bound to ensure observance of various social welfare and labour laws enacted by Parliament for the purpose of securing to the workmen a life of basic human dignity in compliance with the Directive Principles of State Policy . ” 16 . Inshort , the Delhi High Court held that the BOCW Act was not vague but in keeping with the Directive Principles of State Policy and Parliament was justified in levying the cess through the Cess Act . 17 . The decision of the Delhi High Court was challenged in this Court and that challenge was repelled in Dewan Chand Builders & Contractors v. Union of India ® . This Court noted the scheme of the BOCW Act in the context of Article 21 of the Constitution and observed as follows : ° ( 2012 ) 1 SCC 101 W.P. ( C ) No. 318 of 2006 etc . Page 11 of 57