characterised by its casual nature , temporary relationship between employer and employee , uncertain working hours , lack of basic amenities and inadequacy of welfare facilities . In the absence of adequate statutory provisions , the requisite information regarding the number and nature of accidents is also not forthcoming . In the absence of such information , it is difficult to fix responsibility or to take any corrective action . 2 . Although the provisions of certain Central Acts are applicable to the building and other construction workers yet a need has been felt for a comprehensive Central Legislation for regulating their safety , health , welfare and other conditions of service . The State Governments and Union Territory Administrations have been consulted in the matter and a majority of them have favoured such a legislation . Also , in a meeting of the Committee of State Labour Ministers constituted pursuant to the decision of the 41 ‘ Labour Ministers ’ Conference held under the Chairmanship of the then Union Labour Minister on the 18 " " May , 1995 , a general consensus had emerged on the need for the proposed Central Legislation . 3 . In view of the circumstances explained above , it has been considered necessary to constitute Welfare Boards in every State so as to provide and monitor social security schemes and welfare measures for the benefit of building and other construction workers . For the said purpose , it has been considered appropriate to bring in a comprehensive legislation by suitably amplifying the provisions of the Building and Other Construction Workers ( Regulation of Employment and Conditions of Service ) Bill , 1988 which was introduced in the Rajya Sabha on the 5 " December , 1988 . It has also been considered necessary to levy a cess on the cost of construction incurred by the employers on the building and other construction works for ensuring sufficient funds for the Welfare Boards to undertake the social security Schemes and welfare measures . ” [ Emphasis supplied ] . 7 . The BOCW Act provides , inter alia , for the constitution of Central and State Advisory Committee ( s ) to advise the appropriate Government on matters concerning the administration of the BOCW Act ( Sections 3 and 4 ) ; W.P. ( C ) No. 318 of 2006 etc . Page 5 of 57