“ a ) Issue appropriate order or direction expunging / deleting the remarks made against the counsel for present intervenor / applicant herein that the conduct of the counsel / applicant herein amounted to contempt or prima facie contempt of court , namely the following : “ 74 . The present case is indeed a case in point . Repeatedly , counsel for the petitioners and intervenors have attempted to inform the court that they have no personal agenda and that they have instituted these proceedings to protect judicial independence . An aura of good faith has been sought to be created by submitting that the true purpose of seeking an inquiry into the circumstances relating to the death of Judge Loya is to protect the district judiciary ( ... ) ” “ 75 . [ ... ] Ms Jaising has joined the fray by requesting that this court to issue contempt notices to the Administrative Committee of the Bombay High Court ... ” “ 76 . [ ... ] The conduct of the petitioners and the intervenors scandalises the process of the court and prima facie constitutes criminal contempt ... ” “ 78 . [ ... ] The conduct of the petitioners and the intervenors is , as we have indicated , lacking in bona fides and reveals a misuse of judicial process . ” b ) Issue appropriate order or direction issuing a clarification that the counsel for the present intervener / applicant herein has not furthered any submissions or engaged in conduct which may amount to contempt of Court if it so deems fit ; c ) Call for High Court of Bombay for the records of the meeting of administrative committee of the High Court dated 25.06.2014 to ascertain the reasons for transfer to Judge Utpat , and to ascertain whether the consent of this Hon’ble Court was obtained or whether this Hon’ble Court was kept informed that Judge Utpat was being transferred ; ” In the batch of cases which was adjudicated upon in the judgment of this Court dated 19 April 2018 Ms Jaising represented an intervenor ( Admiral Ramdas ) . 2 Dr Abhishek Manu Singhvi appearing on behalf of the applicant submitted that whatever be the conduct of the other learned counsel who