and Unani Practitioners Act , 1963 , etc . However , on the model of the 1956 Act , Parliament enacted the Indian Medicine Central Council Act , 1970 ( for short “ the 1970 Act ” ) . The schemes and provisions of the 1970 Act and the 1956 Act are analogous . “ Indian medicine ” is defined in Section 2(e ) of the Act to mean the system of Indian medicine commonly known as Ashtang Ayurveda , Siddha or Unani Tibb whether supplemented or not by such modern advances as the Central Council may declare by notification from time to time . In Section 2(j ) , the expression “ State Register of Indian Medicine ” is defined to mean a register or registers maintained under any law for the time being in force in any State regulating the registration of practitioners of Indian medicine . The Act contemplates having separate committees for Ayurvedic , Siddha and Unani medicines . Section 17 enables , inter alia , the persons who possess medical qualifications mentioned in the Second , Third or Fourth Schedule to be enrolled on any State Register of Indian Medicine . A perusal of the Second , Third and Fourth Schedules shows that they contain both integrated medicine as well as other qualifications . So a holder of a degree in integrated medicine is entitled to be enrolled under Section 17 of the 1970 Act . Section 22 authorises the Central Council to prescribe the minimum standards of education in Indian medicine required for granting recognized medical qualifications by universities , Boards or medical institutions in India . The Central Council is enjoined to maintain the Central Register of Indian Medicine containing the particulars mentioned therein and Section 25 lays down the procedure for registration in the Central Register of Indian Medicine . The counterpart of Section 15 of the 1956 Act is Section 17 of the 1970 Act . We shall quote it here : “ 17 . ( 1 ) Subject to the other provisions contained in this Act , any medical qualification included in the Second , Third or Fourth Schedule shall be sufficient qualification for enrolment on any State Register of Indian Medicine . ( 2 ) Save as provided in Section 28 , no person other than a practitioner of Indian medicine who possesses a recognised medical qualification and is enrolled on a State Register or the Central Register of Indian Medicine , — ( a ) shall hold office as vaid , siddha , hakim or physician or any other office ( by whatever designation called ) in Government or in any institution maintained by a local or other authority ; 15