infrastructure and relevant installations required to connect the electricity-producing equipment to the distribution/transmission grid at the Grid Substation in Jhansi , Uttar Pradesh , India as specified in the Second Schedule ( ‘ Facility ’ ) and for this purpose , they are in requirement of the Equipments as mentioned in the First Schedule hereunder written . And whereas the Lessee ( Dante Energy ) being desirous of obtaining from the Lessor ( Rishabh ) on lease the specified nature of Equipments more particularly described in the First Schedule hereunder written , has approached the Lessor ( Rishabh ) and has requested the Lessor ( Rishabh ) to lease out the Equipments to the Lessee ( Dante Energy ) on the terms , covenants and conditions herein contained/specified . Article 4 Delivery , Commencement and disbursement : ( i ) It is expressly understood by the Lessee ( Dante Energy ) and Lessor ( Rishabh ) that in the present case , the respective Equipments are being sourced from the supplier of Solar Photovoltaic Modular-located in the State of Maharashtra i.e. Astonfield Renewables Private Limited and supplier of other solar power generating equipments like _ inverters , transformers , etc. in the State of Karnataka i.e. Juwi India Renewable Energies Private Limited . These goods have been inspected by the Lessee ( Dante Energy ) and are found suitable for its commercial use of the same . ( ii ) Pursuant to this lease agreement , the respective Equipments , will be purchased by the Lessor ( Rishabh ) from the respective Supplier and accordingly , the Equipments will be consigned directly to the project site in the State of Uttar Pradesh . Accordingly , in the present case , the delivery of respective Equipments will be effected by Endorsement of the consignment Note in the favour of Lessee ( Dante Energy ) by the Lessor ( Rishabh ) . ( v ) Irrespective of how and by whom the delivery is effected , it is hereby agreed that the entire risk , cost or any outgoing pertaining to the said delivery and installation shall be at the cost and risk of the Lessor ( Rishabh ) . ” The above extracted clauses clearly demonstrate that all the four agreements are inter-connected . Clause ( v ) in Article 4 in the Equipment 16