possess the original or certified copy of the arbitration agreement on account of it being retained by the other party , to nevertheless apply under Section 8 seeking reference , and call upon the other party to produce the same . ” ( Ref : Justice R.S. Bachawat ’s Law of Arbitration and Conciliation , Sixth Edition , Vol . | ( Sections 1 to 34 ) at page 695 published by LexisNexis ) . 26 . Amendment to Section 8 by the Act , 2015 are to be seen in the background of the recommendations set out in the 246 " Law Commission Report . In its 246 " Report , Law Commission , while recommending the amendment to Section 8 , made the following observation/comment : “ LC Comment : The words “ such of the parties ... . to the arbitration agreement ” and proviso ( i ) of the amendment have been proposed in the context of the decision of the Supreme Court in Sukanya Holdings Pvt. Ltd. v. Jayesh H. Pandya and Anr . ( 2003 ) 5 SCC 531 , - in cases where all the parties to the dispute are not parties to the arbitration agreement , the reference is to be rejected only where such parties are necessary parties to the action — and not if they are only proper parties , or are otherwise legal strangers to the action and have been added only to circumvent the arbitration agreement . Proviso ( ii ) of the amendment contemplates a two-step process to be adopted by a judicial authority when considering an application seeking the reference of a pending action to arbitration . The amendment envisages that the judicial authority shall not refer the parties to arbitration only if it finds that there does not exist an arbitration agreement or that it is null and void . If the judicial authority is of the opinion that prima facie the arbitration agreement exists , then it shall refer the dispute to arbitration , and leave the existence of the arbitration agreement to be finally determined by the arbitral tribunal . However , if the judicial authority concludes that the agreement does not exist , then the conclusion will be final and not prima facie . The amendment also envisages that there shall be 24