Justice A.K. Sikri observed that it is only in those cases where the Court finds that there are serious allegations of fraud which make a virtual case of criminal offence and where there are complicated allegations of fraud then it becomes necessary that such complex issues can be decided only by the civil court on the appreciation of evidence that needs to be produced . In para ( 25 ) of Ayyasamy case , Justice Sikri held as under : 32 . “ 25 ..... Therefore , the inquiry of the Court , while dealing with an application under Section 8 of the Act , should be on the aforesaid aspect viz. whether the nature of dispute is such that it can not be referred to arbitration , even if there is an arbitration agreement between the parties . When the case of fraud is set up by one of the parties and on that basis that party wants to wriggle out of that arbitration agreement , a strict and meticulous inquiry into the allegations of fraud is needed and only when the Court is satisfied that the allegations are of serious and complicated nature that it would be more appropriate for the Court to deal with the subjectmatter rather than relegating the parties to arbitration , then alone such an application under Section 8 should be rejected . ” While concurring with Justice Sikri , Justice D.Y. Chandrachud pointed out that the duty of the Court is to impart “ sense of business efficacy ” to the commercial transactions pointing out that mere allegations of fraud were not sufficient to decline to refer the parties to arbitration . In para ( 48 ) of Ayyasamy case , Justice D.Y. Chandrachud held as under : “ 48 . The basic principle which must guide judicial decisionmaking is that arbitration is essentially a voluntary assumption of an obligation by contracting parties to resolve their disputes through a private tribunal . The intent of the parties is expressed in the terms of their agreement . Where commercial entities and persons of business enter into such dealings , they do so with a 28