clause ( clause 20 ) is a part of Section Ill of the bid documents . 24 . As per the scheme of bid documents , there is a clear division of the terms that will govern the tender process , and the terms that will govern the contract , when the bids are accepted . One part regulated the tender process that led to placing of purchase orders . That part contained a provision as to what should be the forum of dispute resolution , if there was a dispute at the tender or bidding stage . The other part stipulated the terms and conditions which will govern the contract , if and when purchase orders were placed . That part also contained a provision as to what should be the forum if there was a dispute after the contract was entered into Clause 30 of Instructions to Bidders makes it clear that in regard to tender - stage disputes , the forum will be Civil Courts . Clause 20 of General Conditions on the other hand was intended to operate when contracts were made and it specified that if disputes arose in regard to the contracts , the forum for dispute resolution will be the Arbitral Tribunal . 25 . Clause 1 of the General Conditions of Contract ( Section _ Ill ) makes it clear that the General Conditions of Contract contained in Section III of the document shall apply in contracts made by the purchaser for the procurement of goods . Clause 20 of Section Ill , that is the arbitration clause makes it clear that arbitration is available in regard to “ any question , dispute or difference arising under this agreement or in connection therewith ” . Therefore , it is evident that the General Conditions of Contract ( Section III ) and clause 20 ‘ therein providing for arbitration , will not apply in regard to any dispute in regard to the tender or bid , or non - placing of a purchase _ order , but will apply only in regard to any contract awarded by BSNL by placing a purchase order . XXX 27 . It is also very significant that Section II ( Instructions to Bidders ) and Section IV ( Special Conditions ) which are relevant at the bid stage do not contain any arbitration clause providing that if there is any dispute between BSNL and a bidder in regard to the bid / tender process , the 30