the provisions of the Cess Act had not been subjected to any audit by the Comptroller and Auditor General ( CAG ) . It was also noticed that large funds were lying with the Welfare Boards , but had not been disbursed . The possibility of these amounts being diverted for other heads of expenditure could not be ruled out by this Court . 37 . Therefore , taking all factors into consideration the following general directions were issued by the Court on 7 ” February , 2012 ? : “ ( a ) All the State Welfare Boards shall be subjected to audit by the CAG within two months from today . All the States , Union Territories and the State Boards to initiate the process and ensure its completion under the provisions of Section 27 of the Act . ( b ) Every Welfare Board shall , without fail , hold its meetings at least once in two months and submit its Minutes , as well as the action taken and progress reports in regard to the framing and implementation of the schemes and disbursement of funds to the eligible applicants , to the Secretary ( Labour ) of that Government quarterly . ( c ) The funds available with the Welfare Boards which have not been disbursed or are not likely to be disbursed within a short period should be properly invested with the nationalized banks only . Funds available with the Welfare Boards shall not be utilized by the State for any other head of expenditure of the State Government , etc . ( d ) Union of India has filed an affidavit . It is stated in the affidavit that they have taken various steps , including steps for amendment of the Act and the Rules framed thereunder . Union of India is directed to expedite this process . We also direct the Union of India to discharge its various statutory functions under the Act with particular reference to Sections 24 to 27 . It shall also issue appropriate directions under Section 60 of the Act to all the State Governments to fully implement the provisions of the Act as well as the Cess Act . ” * National Campaign Committee for Central Legislation on Construction Labour v. Union of India , ( 2012 ) 3 SCC 336 W.P. ( C ) No.318 of 2006 etc . Page 25 of 57