56 that a person , who 's case is based on falsehood , has no right to approach the court . He can be summarily thrown out at any stage of the litigation . 6 . The facts of the present case leave no manner of doubt that Jagannath obtained the preliminary decree by playing fraud on the court . A fraud is an act of deliberate deception with the design of securing something by taking unfair advantage of another . It is a deception in order to gain by another 's loss . It is a cheating intended to get an advantage . Jagannath was working as a clerk with Chunilal Sowcar . He purchased the property in the court auction on behalf of Chunilal Sowcar . He had , on his own volition , executed the registered release deed ( Exhibit B-1S ) in favour of Chunilal Sowcar regarding the property in dispute . He knew that the appellants had paid the total decretal amount to his master Chunilal Sowcar . Without disclosing all these facts , he filed the suit for the partition of the property on the ground that he had purchased the property on his own behalf and not on behalf of Chunilal Sowcar . Non-production and even nonmentioning of the release deed at the trial tantamounts to playing fraud on the court . We do not agree with the observations of the High Court that the appellants-defendants could have easily produced the certified registered copy of Exhibit B-15 and nonsuited the plaintiff . A litigant , who approaches the court , is bound to produce all the documents executed by him which are relevant to the litigation . If he withholds a vital document in order to gain advantage on the other side then he would be guilty of playing fraud on the court as well as on the opposite party . ” 73 . In K.K. Modi v. K.N. Modi , ( 1998 ) 3 SCC 573 , it was observed that one of the examples cited as an abuse of the process of the court is relitigation . It is an abuse of the process of the court and contrary to justice and public policy for a party to re-litigate the same issue which has already been tried and decided earlier against him . 74 . Learned counsel for the respondent has placed reliance on the decision rendered in Ujjagar Singh v. Collector , Bhatinda , ( 1996 ) 5 SCC 14 , wherein this Court examined the effect of coming into force of Punjab Land Reforms Act , 1972 and vesting of the surplus area in the State . In this case , the area in possession of landlord was declared