49 “ Fraud means : ( 1 ) A knowing misrepresentation of the truth or concealment of a material fact to induce another to act to his or her detriment . Fraud is usually a tort , but in some cases ( esp . when the conduct is willful ) it may be a crime . ( 2 ) A misrepresentation made recklessly without belief in its truth to induce another person to act . ( 3 ) A tort arising from a knowing misrepresentation , concealment of material fact , or reckless misrepresentation made to induce another to act to his or her detriment . ( 4 ) Unconscionable dealing ; esp. , in contract law , the unconscientious use of the power arising out of the parties ’ relative positions and resulting in an unconscionable bargain . ” Halsbury ’s Law of England has defined fraud as follows : “ Whenever a person makes a false statement which he does not actually and honestly believe to be true , for purpose of civil liability , the statement is as fraudulent as if he had stated that which he did know to be true , or know or believed to be false . Proof of absence of actual and honest belief is all that is necessary to satisfy the requirement of the law , whether the representation has been made recklessly or deliberately , indifference or reckless on the part of the representor as the truth or falsity of the representation affords merely an instance of absence of such a belief . ” In KERR on the Law of Fraud and Mistake , fraud has been defined thus : " It is not easy to give a definition of what constitutes fraud in the extensive significance in which that term is understood by Civil Courts of Justice . The Courts have always avoided hampering themselves by defining or laying down as a general proposition what shall be held to constitute fraud . Fraud is infinite in variety ... Courts have always declined to define it , ... reserving to themselves the liberty to deal with it under whatever form it may present itself . Fraud ... may be said to include property all acts , omissions , and concealments which involve a breach of legal or equitable duty , trust or confidence , justly reposed , and are injurious to another , or by which an undue or unconscientious advantage is taken of another . Al surprise , trick , cunning , dissembling and other unfair way that is used to cheat anyone is considered as fraud . Fraud in all cases implies a willful act on the part of anyone , whereby another is sought to be deprived , by illegal or inequitable means , of what he is entitled too . " 67 . In Ram Chandra Singh v. Savitri Devi , ( 2003 ) 8 SCC 319 , wherein it was observed that fraud vitiates every solemn act . Fraud and