46 a title coming into existence post award . The definition of ‘ person interested ' speaks of ' an interest in compensation to be made ' . An interest coming into existence post-award gives rise to a claim in compensation which has already been determined . Such a person can also have recourse to Section 30 . In any case , the dispute for which Section 30 can be invoked shall remain confined only ( i ) as to the apportionment of the amount of compensation or any part thereof , or ( ii ) as to the persons to whom the amount of compensation ( already determined ) or any part thereof is payable . The State claiming on the basis of a pre-existing right would not be a ' person interested ' , as already pointed out hereinabove and on account of its right being pre-existing , the State , in such a case , would not be entitled to invoke either Section 18 or Section 30 seeking determination of its alleged pre-existing right . A right accrued or devolved postaward may be determined in a reference under Section 30 depending on Collector 's discretion to show indulgence , without any bar as to limitation . Alternatively , such a right may be left open by the Collector to be adjudicated upon in any independent legal proceedings . This view is just , sound and logical as a title post-award could not have been canvassed up to the date of the award and should also not be left without remedy by denying access to Section 30 . Viewed from this angle , Section 18 and 30 would not overlap and would have fields to operate independent of each other . ” ( emphasis supplied ) 63 . The question in the instant case is as to whether an incumbent can be permitted to play blatant fraud time and again and court has to be silent spectator under the guise of label of the various legal proceedings at different stages by taking different untenable stands whether compensation can be claimed several times as done in the instant case and its effect . Before the land acquisition had been commenced in 1987 , the land more than 1000 bighas had been declared a surplus in ceiling case and compensation collected , which indeed disputed land at Jhakari , it would be a perpetuating fraud in case such a person is permitted to claim compensation for same very