Compensation and rehabilitation grant can be determined and paid later . This Court in the order dated 17.9.1969 made the following observations : “ It is apparent that S. 27 deals with lands the annual land revenue of which exceeds Rs. 125 per year . It says in unequivocal terms that the right . title and interest of the owner in such lands shall be deemed to have been transferred land vested in the State Government free from all encumbrances . This essentially means that on the enforcement of the Act the vesting takes place automatically and without being contingent on the happening of any other event . The High Court in the full Bench decision referred to above took the same view and was right in observing that wherever the legislature intended to defer the date of vesting such as in S. 11 and 15 clear provisions were made to that effect and the reasons thereof were obvious . In 8.11 the tenant had to exercise the option to acquire the right . title and interest of the landowner . The vesting of such rightswould necessary depends on the time of the exercise of such option . Similarly in 8.15 . a future date had to be provided in view of its special provisions . We do not consider that the provisions of sub S. 53 ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) of S. 27 contain any indication that the vesting of rights of ownership in the Government would be dependent on the determination of compensation . The vesting takes place under sub-S . ( 1 ) immediately on the enforcement of the Act . Thereafter , under sub-S . ( 3 ) compensation has to be paid to the landowner in accordance with the _ provisions mentioned therein . Under sub 8 ( 4 ) the State Government shall transfer the rights of ownership to a tenant who cultivates the land only on payment of compensation . That can not prevent or have any bearing on the vesting which takes place under sub S ( 1 ) . The payment of rehabilitation grant which is provided by sub 8 ( 5 ) to a small landowner strengthens the reasoning in favour of vesting being automatic and immediate under sub S ( 1 ) . There can