53 The injury is something other than economic loss , that is , deprivation of property , whether movable or immovable or of money and it will include and any harm whatever caused to any person in body , mind , reputation or such others . In short , it is a non-economic or non-pecuniary loss . A benefit or advantage to the deceiver , will almost always call loss or detriment to the deceived . Even in those rare cases where there is a benefit or advantage to the deceiver , but no corresponding loss to the deceived , the second condition is satisfied . [ See Dr. Vimla v. Delhi Administration , 1963 Supp ( 2 ) SCR 585 and Indian Bank v. Satyam Febres ( India ) Pvt. Ltd. , ( 1996 ) 5 SCC 550 ] 9 . A " fraud " is an act of deliberate deception with the design of securing something by taking unfair advantage of another . It is a deception in order to gain by another 's loss . It is a cheating intended to get an advantage . ( See S.P. Changalvaraya Naidu v. Jagannath , ( 1994 ) 1 SCC 1 . ) 10 . " Fraud " as is well known vitiates every solemn act . Fraud and justice never dwell together . Fraud is a conduct either by letter or words , which includes the other person or authority to take a definite determinative stand as a response to the conduct of the former either by words or letter . It is also well settled that misrepresentation itself amounts to fraud . Indeed , innocent misrepresentation may also give reason to claim relief against fraud . A fraudulent misrepresentation is called deceit and consists in leading a man into damage by willfully or recklessly causing him to believe and act on falsehood . It is a fraud in law if a party makes representations , which he knows to be false , and injury enures therefrom although the motive from which the representations proceeded may not have been bad . An act of fraud on court is always viewed seriously . A collusion or conspiracy with a view to deprive the rights of the others in relation to a property would render the transaction void ab initio . Fraud and deception are synonymous . Although in a given case a deception may not amount to fraud , fraud is anathema to all equitable principles and any affair tainted with fraud can not be perpetuated or saved by the application of any equitable doctrine including res judicata . ( See Ram Chandra Singh v. Savitri Devi and Ors. , ( 2003 ) 8 SCC 319 . ) 2K FOR RK 13 . This aspect of the matter has been considered recently by this Court in Roshan Deen v. Preeti Lal , ( 2002 ) 1 SCC 100 , Ram Preeti Yadav v. U.P. Board of High School and Intermediate Education , ( 2003 ) 8 SCC 311 , Ram Chandra Singh v. Savitri Devi , ( 2003 ) 8 SCC 319 and Ashok Leyland Ltd. v. State of T.N. and Anr. , ( 2004 ) 3 SCC 1 . 14 . Suppression of a material document would also amount to a fraud on the court , ( see Gowrishankar v. Joshi Amba Shankar