54 Family Trust , ( 1996 ) 3 SCC 310 and S.P. Chengalvaraya Naidu v. Jagannath , ( 1994 ) 1 SCC 1 ) . 15 . " Fraud " is a conduct either by letter or words , which induces the other person or authority to take a definite determinative stand as a response to the conduct of the former either by words or letter . Although negligence is not fraud it can be evidence of fraud ; as observed in Ram Preeti Yadav , ( 2003 ) 8 SCC 311 . 16 . In Lazarus Estate Ltd. v. Beasley ( 1956 ) 1 QB 702 , Lord Denning observed at pages 712 & 713 : ( All ER p. 345C ) " No judgment of a Court , no order of a Minister can be allowed to stand if it has been obtained by fraud . Fraud unravels everything . " In the same judgment , Lord Parker LJ observed that fraud “ vitiates all transactions known to the law of however high a degree of solemnity ” . ( emphasis supplied ) 71 . In A.V. Papayya Sastry v. Govt . of A.P. , ( 2007 ) 4 SCC 221 , this Court as to the effect of fraud on the judgment or order observed thus : 19 . Now , it is well-settled principle of law that if any judgment or order is obtained by fraud , it can not be said to be a judgment or order in law . Before three centuries , Chief Justice Edward Coke proclaimed ; Fraud avoids all judicial acts , ecclesiastical or temporal . 2K OR aR 22 . It is thus settled proposition of law that a judgment , decree or order obtained by playing fraud on the Court , Tribunal or Authority is a nullity and non-est in the eye of law . Such a judgment , decree or order -- by the first Court or by the final Court -- has to be treated as nullity by every Court , superior or inferior . It can be challenged in any Court , at any time , in appeal , revision , writ or even in collateral proceedings . 2K OR aR 38 . The matter can be looked at from a different angle as well . Suppose , a case is decided by a competent Court of Law after hearing the parties and an order is passed in favour of the applicant/plaintiff which is upheld by all the courts including the final Court . Let us also think of a case where this Court does not dismiss Special Leave Petition but after granting leave decides the