cross examination that he was driving the car behind the truck at the distance of about 10 - 15 feet . Despite there being the breadth of the road 14 feet Pucca , the driver of the car in question kept the vehicle only at the distance of 10 - 15 feet from the truck which does n’t appear in accordance with traffic rules . He should have driven the vehicle maintaining the proper distance in order to escape from each circumstance but he has admitted in his cross examination as PW-2 that , “ he knows that he should maintain proper distance from the heavy vehicle ” . Under such circumstance if the vehicle which is running behind the heavy vehicle , must maintain the proper distance if the proper distance is not maintain then the whole negligence shall be determined on the part of rear vehicle in regard to the occurrence of accident in question . In addition no evidence in regard to the seizing of truck in question on the place of occurrence and taking into police custody the vehicles from the place of occurrence and getting done their technical survey is not available on place of occurrence . 21 . By the facts mentioned in the petition and by the evidence of PW-1 and PW-2 it does n’t appear reliable that rash and negligent driving in the accident in question was on the part of the driver of the truck in question and for this purpose only by registering of F.I.R. of said accident and submitting of charge - sheet against the driver of the truck in question , the driver of the truck in question can not be held guilty for the said accident , whereas by the evidence of the petitioner on record this fact comes forward that the accident occurred as the driver of the car in question was not driving the car in question in accordance with traffic rules i.e. the accident occurred as the vehicle was not being driven maintaining proper distance from the truck and it appears clearly that the speed of the car would have been fast whereby the car in question collided with the rear part of the truck in question being uncontrolled and said accident took place . Under such circumstance there was no rash and negligence on the part of the driver of truck bearing No . U.P.32 Z-2397 regarding the accident in question but the same is determined on the part of Manjeet Singh driver of Maruti Car bearing No . U.P.-02 D-5292 . 22 . On the basis of the aforesaid interpretation it appears that the said accident did n’t occur on 28.11.2010 at about