9 of imported goods . There are no rules governing the valuation of export goods . That must be done based on Section 14 itself . In the present case , the Department has charged the respondent importer alleging misdeclaration regarding the price . There is no allegation of misdeclaration in the context of the description of the goods . In the present case , the allegation is of underinvoicing . The charge of underinvoicing has to be supported by evidence of prices of contemporaneous imports of like goods . It is for the Department to prove that the apparent is not the real . Under Section 2 ( 41 ) of the Customs Act , the word “ value ” is defined in relation to any goods to mean the value determined in accordance with the provisions of Section 14 ( 1 ) . The value to be declared in the bill of entry is the value referred to above and not merely the invoice price . XXX XXX XXX 12 . However , before rejecting the invoice price the Department has to give cogent reasons for such rejection . This is because the invoice price forms the basis of the transaction value . Therefore , before rejecting the transaction value as _ incorrect or unacceptable , the Department has to find out whether there are any imports of identical goods or similar goods at a higher price at around the same time . Unless the evidence is gathered in that regard , the question of importing Section 14 ( 1-A ) does not arise . In the absence of such evidence , invoice price has to be accepted as the transaction value . Invoice is the evidence of value . Casting suspicion on invoice produced by the importer is not sufficient to reject it as evidence of value of imported goods . Undervaluation has to be proved . If the charge of undervaluation can not be supported either by evidence or information about comparable imports , the benefit of doubt must go to the importer . If the Department wants to allege undervaluation , it must make detailed inquiries , collect material and also adequate evidence . When undervaluation is alleged , the Department has to prove it by evidence or information about comparable imports . For proving undervaluation , if the Department relies on declaration made in the exporting country , it has to show how such declaration was procured . We may clarify that strict rules of evidence do not apply to adjudication proceedings . They apply strictly to the courts ’ proceedings . However , even in adjudication proceedings , the AO has to examine the probative value of the documents on which reliance is placed by the Department in support of its allegation of undervaluation . Once the Department discharges the burden of proof to the above extent by producing evidence of contemporaneous imports at higher price , the onus shifts to the importer to establish that the invoice relied on by him is valid .