6 5 . The factual argument is that this notice is dated 16th March 2018 and it informs the husband of the petitioner to appear before the officer signing this notice on 17th March 2018 . Mr. Merchant would submit that sub - section 2 of Section 41-A contemplates issuance of such notice but such phrase would have to be construed as “ service or execution of notice ” , else sub - section 1 would be rendered otiose . Therefore , until the person fails to comply with the terms of notice or is unwilling to identify himself , the police officer may , subject to such orders as may have been passed by the competent Court in this behalf , unable to arrest him for the offence mentioned in the notice . If there was compliance with the notice by the petitioner 's husband , then , no question arises , according to Mr. Merchant , of presentation of such petition , but it is the respondents ' assertion that when they sought to serve this notice on the petitioner 's husband , he refused . That is how the panchanama is drawn . 6 . Since Mr. Merchant says and on the basis of the pleadings in the petition , that there was a panchanama drawn and a copy of which is at pages 41 and 42 of the paper book , we have carefully perused it . It is in Marathi . 7 . The whole panchanama has been perused with the assistance of Mr. Yagnik , learned APP , who with all his persuasive ability , could not find any sentence therein to the effect that the petitioner 's husband refused to accept this notice when it was served on him at his place of work / his office . In these circumstances and particularly when the notice at page 42 also contains below the signatures of panchas and the senior police inspector , the signature of the accused , then , whether it is a signature acknowledging the notice and it 's receipt or is it asserting , as is now stated across the bar by Mr. Yagnik , his refusal . Once such a statement is absent in the panchanama , then , we prima facie find it very difficult to agree with Mr. Yagnik . 8 . However , Mr. Yagnik prays for time to produce the contemporaneous record , which according to him , would indicate that the noticee / husband of the