26 him in terms of his notice dated 30 - 9 - 2005 by 30 - 6 - 2006 and he stopped attending work from 1 - 7 - 2006 . The letter dated 86 - 2006 does not make any material difference as the fact of the matter is that after the expiry of the notice period , the appellant continued to attend his duties for many months thereafter . 35 . By the letter dated 15 - 9 - 2006 the respondent communicated to the appellant that his application for voluntary retirement under Service Regulation 12(b ) has not been acceded to by the competent authority . Since the notice for voluntary retirement by an employee who has not attained 55 years but has completed 20 years of continuous service , under the proviso appended to Regulation 12(b ) , is subject to approval by the competent authority and that approval was not granted , the voluntary retirement of the appellant never came into effect . ” 23 . In C.V. Francis vs. Union of India & Ors . ( 2013 ) 14 SCC 486 , this Court observed that it would depend upon the language used in the rule whether notice for voluntary retirement would come into effect automatically . There has to be a stipulation in the scheme providing that even without acceptance of his application , it would be deemed that the application for voluntary retirement had been accepted . There is no such provision in the rules in question . In C.V. Francis ( supra ) , this Court observed : “ 13 . It is well - established that a voluntary retirement scheme introduced by a company , does not entitle an employee as a matter of right to the benefits of the Scheme . Whether an employee should be allowed to retire in terms of the scheme is a decision which can only be taken by the employer company , except in cases where the scheme itself provides for retirement to take effect when the notice period comes to an end . A voluntary retirement scheme introduced by a company is essentially a part of the company 's desire to weed out the deadwood . 14 . The petitioner 's contention that his application for voluntary retirement came into effect on the expiry of the period of notice given by him must fail , since there was no such stipulation in the scheme that even without acceptance of his application it would be deemed that the petitioner 's