22 India v. Sayed Muzaffar Mir , ( 1995 ) Supp ( 1 ) SCC 76 belong to the former category where it is held that upon the expiry of the period , the voluntary retirement takes effect automatically as no order of refusal is passed within the notice period . On the other hand H.P. Horticultural Produce Marketing & Processing Corpn . Ltd. v. Suman Behari Sharma , ( 1996 ) 4 SCC 584 belongs to the second category where the bye - laws were interpreted as not giving an option " to retire " but only provided a limited right to " seek " retirement thereby implying the need for a consent of the employer even if the period of the notice has elapsed . We shall refer to these two categories in some detail . aR aR aR 13 . Thus , from the aforesaid three decisions it is clear that if the right to voluntarily retirement is conferred in absolute terms as in Dinesh Chandra Sangma case by the relevant rules and there is no provision in rules to withhold permission in certain contingencies the voluntary retirement comes into effect automatically on the expiry of the period specified in the notice . If , however , as in B.J. Shelat case and as in Sayed Muzaffar Mir case , the concerned authority is empowered to withhold permission to retire if certain conditions exist , viz . , in case the employee is under suspension or in case a departmental enquiry is pending or is contemplated , the mere pendency of the suspension or departmental enquiry or its contemplation does not result in the notice for voluntary retirement not coming into effect on expiry of the period specified . What is further needed is that the concerned authority concerned must pass a positive order withholding permission to retire and must also communicate the same to the employee as stated in B.J. Shelat case and in Sayed Muzaffar Mir case before the expiry of the notice period . Consequently , there is no requirement of an order of acceptance of the notice to be communicated to the employee nor can it be said that non - communication of acceptance should be treated as amounting to withholding of permission . aR aR sR 18 . In the case before us sub - rule ( 1 ) of Rule 5.32(B ) contemplates a “ notice to retire ” and not a request seeking permission to retire . The further " request " contemplated by the sub - rule is only for seeking exemption from the 3 months ’ period . The proviso to sub - rule ( 2 ) makes a positive provision that " where the appointing authority does not refuse to grant the permission for retirement before the expiry of the period specified in Sub - rule ( 1 ) , the retirement shall become effective from the date of expiry of the said period . The case before us stands on a stronger footing than Dinesh Chandra Sangma case so far as the employee is concerned . As already stated