16 16 . Reliance has also been placed by the learned counsel for the respondents on the decision rendered by this Court in BJ . Shelat vs. State of Gujarat , ( 1978 ) 2 SCC 202 . The Court observed thus : “ 7 , Rule 161 of the Bombay Civil Services Rules provides for the retirement of Government servants before attaining the age of superannuation . Rule 161(1)(aa ) provides Notwithstanding anything contained in clause ( a ) : ( 1 ) An appointing authority shall , if he is of the opinion that it is in the public interest so to do , have the absolute right to retire any Government servant to whom clause ( a ) applies by giving him notice of not less than three months in writing or three months ’ pay and allowances in lieu of such notice : * * * * * Sub - rule ( 2)(ii ) is as follows : Any Government servant to whom clause ( a ) applies may , by giving notice of not less than three months in writing to the Appointing Authority , retire from service ... and in any other case , after he has attained the age of 55 years . There is no dispute that the Rule applicable is Rule 161 ( 2)(ii ) and the appellant is entitled to retire by giving a notice of not less than 3 months after he has attained the age of 55 years . Under Rule 161(1)(aa)(1 ) the appointing authority has an absolute right to retire any Government servant to whom clause ( a ) applies in public interest by giving him notice of not less than three months in writing or three months ’ pay and allowances in lieu of such notice . But the Government servant has no such absolute right . A right is conferred on the Government servant under Rule 161(2)(ii ) to retire by giving not less than three months ’ notice on his attaining the prescribed age . Such a right is subject to the proviso which is incorporated to the sub - section which reads as follows : Provided that it shall be open to the appointing authority to withhold permission to retire to a Government servant who is under suspension , or against whom departmental proceedings are pending or contemplated , and who seeks to retire under this sub - clause .