29 voluntary retirement is accepted few years later from the date specified in the notice and voluntary retirement becomes operative from the date of expiry of the notice period itself , what would be the position or status of such a government servant during the period from the date of expiry of the notice period up to the date of acceptance of the voluntary retirement by the appointing authority ? One either continues in service or does not continue in service . It can not be both that the voluntary retirement could be effective from the date of expiry of the period mentioned in the notice and still a Government servant could continue in service till the voluntary retirement is accepted . The proviso to sub - rule ( 2 ) of Rule 48-A of the Rules does not admit such situation . ” aR aR aR 35 . In our view , this judgment fully supports the contention urged on behalf of the appellant in this regard . In this judgment , it is observed that there are three categories of rules relating to seeking of voluntary retirement after notice . In the first category , voluntary retirement automatically comes into force on expiry of notice period . In the second category also , retirement comes into force unless an order is passed during notice period withholding permission to retire and in the third category voluntary retirement does not come into force unless permission to this effect is granted by the competent authority . In such a case , refusal of permission can be communicated even after the expiry of the notice period . It all depends upon the relevant rules . In the case decided , the relevant Rule required acceptance of notice by appointing authority and the proviso to the Rule further laid down that retirement shall come into force automatically if the appointing authority did not refuse permission during the notice period . Refusal was not communicated to the respondent during the notice period and the Court held that voluntary retirement came into force on expiry of the notice period and subsequent order conveyed to him that he could not be deemed to have voluntary retired had no effect . The present case is almost identical to the one decided by this Court in the aforesaid decision . ” The rule which came up for consideration was entirely different . There is no provision contained in rule in question in the case at hand like the proviso to Rule 48-A(2 ) referred to above due to which the retirement shall become effective from the date of expiry of period of notice in case the same was not refused .