32 reliance has been placed on Moti Ram Deka vs. G.M. , North East Frontier Railway , ( 1964 ) 5 SCR 683 . It was also submitted that public interest restriction that applies to the State in the case of compulsory retirement , applies on account of Article 311 . The Court observed : 27 . In this connection , it is necessary to emphasise that the rule - making authority contemplated by Art . 309 can not be validly exercised so as to curtail or affect the rights guaranteed to public servants under Art . 311(1 ) . Art . 311(1 ) is intended to afford a sense of security to public servants who are substantively appointed to a permanent post and one of the principal benefits which they are entitled to expect is the benefit of pension after rendering public service for the period prescribed by the Rules . It would , we think , not be legitimate to contend that the right to earn a pension to which a servant substantively appointed to a permanent post is entitled can be curtailed by Rules framed under Art . 309 so as to make the said right either ineffective or illusory . Once the scope of Art . 311(1 ) and ( 2 ) is duly determined , it must be held that no Rule framed under Art . 309 can trespass on the rights guaranteed by Art . 311 . This position is of basic importance and must be borne in mind in dealing with the controversy in the present appeals . 30 . The reliance placed on Moti Ram Deka ( supra ) is of no avail as it has no application to the instant case as no right conferred by Article 311 of the Constitution can be said to have been taken away and service rule dehors of it can provide for the concept of public interest . 31 . There is no doubt about it that Rule 56(d ) provides that where a disciplinary enquiry is pending or contemplated and in the case of contemplated disciplinary enquiry , the Government servant shall be informed before the expiry of notice that it has not been accepted . The proviso to Rule 56(d ) has no application where a disciplinary enquiry