7 retirement . In case this Court does not agree with the decision rendered in Dinesh Chandra Sangma ( supra ) , the matter may be referred to a larger Bench . The view taken by the High Court in the impugned judgment and order may be affirmed with the rider of an imposition of the moratorium to balance the equities . 9 . In order to appreciate the rival submissions , it is necessary to consider the Fundamental Rules as amended in the State of Uttar Pradesh . The same is somewhat different from the rules framed in other States . Rule 56 of Fundamental Rules as amended in the State of Uttar Pradesh , is extracted hereunder : “ 56.(a ) Except as otherwise provided in this Rule , every Government servant other than a Government servant in inferior service shall retire from service on the afternoon of the last day of the month in which he attains the age of fifty eight years . He may be retained in service after the date of compulsory retirement with the sanction of the Government on public grounds which must be recorded in writing , but he must not be retained after the age of 60 years ’ except in very special circumstances . ( b ) A Government servant in inferior service shall retire from service on the afternoon of the last day of the month in which he attains the age of sixty years . He must not be retained in service after that date , except in very special circumstances and with sanction of the Government . ( c ) Notwithstanding anything contained in clause ( a ) or clause ( b ) , the appointing authority may , at any time by notice to any Government servant ( whether permanent or temporary ) , without assigning any reason , require him to retire after he attains the age of fifty years or such Government servant may by notice to the appointing authority voluntarily retire at any time after attaining the age of forty - five years or after he has completed qualifying service of twenty years . 1 In the Medical , Health and Family Welfare Department in State Medical and Health Services , the retirement age of Medical Officers in public interest has been approved as 62 years in place of 60 years with certain conditions vide Notification No.2324 / SEC-2 - 5 - 20177(237)/2014 dated 31.5.2017 .