17 But for the proviso , a Government servant would be at liberty to ' retire by giving not less than three months ’ notice in writing to the appointing authority on attaining the prescribed age . This position has been made clear by this Court in Dinesh Chandra Sangma v. State of Assam , ( 1977 ) 4 SCC 441 , where the Court was considering the effect of the ( Assam ) Fundamental Rule 56(c ) which confers right on the Government servant to voluntary retire . Rule 56(c ) of the ( Assam ) Fundamental Rules runs as follows : ( c ) Any Government servant may , by giving notice of not less than three months in writing to the appropriate authority , retire from service after he has attained the age of fifty years or has completed 25 years of service , whichever is earlier . On a construction of the Rule this Court held that the condition of service which is envisaged in Rule 56(c ) giving an option in absolute terms to a Government servant to voluntarily retire with three months ' previous notice , after he reaches 50 years of age or has completed 25 years of service , can not be equated with a contract of employment as envisaged in Explanation 2 to Rule 119 of the Defence of India Rules and that Rule 56 is a statutory condition which operated in law without reference to a contract of employment and when once the conditions of Fundamental Rule 56(c ) are fulfilled the Government servant must be held to have lawfully retired . But for the proviso to Rule 161(2)(ii ) , the decision of this Court in the case cited above would be applicable and the right would have been absolute . But the proviso has restricted the right conferred on the Government servant . Under the proviso it is open to the appointing authority to withhold permission to retire to a Government servant when ( 1 ) he is under suspension , or ( 2 ) against whom departmental proceedings are pending or contemplated . Thus the permission to retire can be withheld by the appointing authority either when the Government servant is under suspension or against whom departmental proceedings are pending or contemplated . It was submitted on behalf of the appellant that admittedly he was not under suspension on the date when he attained the age of 55 years and that no departmental proceedings were pending or contemplated against him as required under the proviso . No departmental proceeding was pending but on the facts one can not say that a proceeding was not under contemplation . eR aR sR 9 . Mr. Patel next referred us to the meaning of the word " withhold " in Webster 's Third New International Dictionary which is given as “ hold back " and submitted that the permission should be deemed to have been withheld if it is not