28 Ministry of External Affairs and other aid programmes . ( ii ) posted abroad in foreign - based offices of the Ministries / Departments . ( iii ) on a specific contract assignment to a foreign Government , unless , after having been transferred to India , he has resumed the charge of the post in India and served for a period of not less than one year . ( 2 ) The notice of voluntary retirement given under sub - rule ( 1 ) shall require acceptance by the appointing authority : Provided that where the appointing authority does not refuse to grant the permission for retirement before the expiry of the period specified in the said notice , the retirement shall become effective from the date of expiry of the said period . ” aR eR aR 33 . It is clear from sub - rule ( 2 ) of the Rule that the appointing authority is required to accept the notice of voluntary retirement given under sub - rule ( 1 ) . It is open to the appointing authority to refuse also , on whatever grounds available to it , but such refusal has to be before the expiry of the period specified in the notice . The proviso to sub - rule ( 2 ) is clear and certain in its terms . If the appointing authority does not refuse to grant the permission for retirement before the expiry of the period specified in the said notice , the retirement sought for becomes effective from the date of expiry of the said period . In this case , admittedly , the appointing authority did not refuse to grant the permission for retirement to Nikka Ram before the expiry of the period specified in the notice dated 5.12.1994 . The learned Senior Counsel for the respondent argued that the acceptance of voluntary retirement by appointing authority in all cases is mandatory . In the absence of such express acceptance the government servant continues to be in service . In support of this submission , he drew our attention to Rule 56(k ) of Fundamental Rules . He also submitted that acceptance may be on a later date , that is , even after the expiry of the period specified in the notice and the retirement could be effective from the date specified in the notice . Since the proviso to sub - rule ( 2 ) of Rule 48-A is clear in itself and the said Rule 48-A is self - contained , in our opinion , it is unnecessary to look to other provisions , more so in the light of law laid down by this Court . An argument that acceptance can be even long after the date of the expiry of the period specified in the notice and that the voluntary retirement may become effective from the date specified in the notice , will lead to anomalous situation . Take a case , if an application for