20 three months in writing to the appointing authority retire from _ service . However , a government employee may make a request in writing to the appointing authority to accept notice of less than three months giving reason therefor . On receipt of a request , the appointing authority may consider such request for the curtailment of the period of notice of three months on merits and if it is satisfied that the curtailment of the period of notice will not cause any administrative inconvenience , the appointing authority may relax the requirement of notice of three months on the condition that the government employee shall not apply for commutation of a part of his pension before the expiry of the period of notice of three months . ( 2 ) The notice of voluntary retirement given under sub - rule ( 1 ) shall require acceptance by the appointing authority subject to Rule 2.2 , of Punjab Civil Services Rules VoL.II : Provided that where the appointing authority does not refuse to grant the permission for retirement before the expiry of the period specified in sub - rule ( 1 ) supra , the retirement shall become effective from the date of expiry of the said period : Provided further that before a government employee gives notice of voluntary retirement with reference to sub - rule ( 1 ) he should satisfy himself by means of a _ reference to the appropriate authority that he has , in fact , completed twenty years ’ service qualifying for pension . ” sR aR sR 8 . It will be noticed that under Rule 5.32(B ) , a government employee who has completed 20 years of qualifying service may , by giving notice of not less than 3 months in writing to the appointing authority , retire from service . There is provision for requesting for relaxation of the notice period of 3 months and for consideration thereof . As to what the appointing authority is to do is governed squarely by sub - rule ( 2 ) . That sub - rule states that the notice of voluntary retirement given under sub - rule ( 1 ) " shall " require acceptance by the appointing authority subject to Rule 2.2 of the Punjab Civil Services Rules ( Vol . II ) . Acceptance of the request is subject to Rule 2.2 of the Rules . But the proviso to sub - rule ( 2 ) of Rule 5.32(B ) states that if the permission to retire is not refused within the period