27 voluntary retirement application had been accepted . Once that is not accepted , the entire case of the petitioner falls to the ground . The decision in Tek Chand case ( 2001 ) 3 SCC 290 will not , therefore , have any application to the facts of this case , particularly when the petitioner 's application for voluntary retirement had not been accepted and he had been asked to rejoin his services . The petitioner was fully aware of this position as he continued to apply for leave after the notice period was over . ” 24 . Decision in Tek Chand vs. Dile Ram ( 2001 ) 3 SCC 290 has been relied upon by the respondents . This Court considered Rule 48-A(2 ) of the Central Civil Services ( Pension ) Rules , 1972 , proviso to said rule contained a provision where the appointing authority did not refuse to grant the permission for retirement before the expiry of the period specified in the said notice , the retirement shall become effective from the date of expiry of the said period . The relevant observations are extracted hereunder : “ 31 . It is not disputed that the appointing authority did not refuse to grant the permission for retirement before expiry of the period specified in the said application dated 5.12.1994 given by Nikka Ram . Further , no communication whatsoever was made to him within the said period . During the course of the argument before the High Court , the learned counsel for the parties referred to Rule 48-A of the Rules , of course , placing their own interpretation . Since the said Rule is material and has bearing on the question to be determined , it is extracted below : " 48-A. Retirement on completion of 20 years ’ qualifying service . - ( 1 ) At any time after a government servant has completed twenty years ' qualifying service , he may , by giving notice of not less than three months in writing to the appointing authority , retire from service : Provided that this sub - rule shall not apply to a government servant , including scientist or technical expert who is   ( i ) on assignments under the Indian Technical and Economic Cooperation ( ITEC ) Programme of the