12 “ 7 . Before we proceed further we may read F. R. 56 as amended : F.R.56(a ) The date of compulsory retirement of a Government servant is the date on which he attains the age of 55 years . He may be retained in service after this age with sanction of the State Government on public grounds which must be recorded in writing and proposals for the retention of a Government servant in service after this age should not be made except in very special circumstances . ( b ) Notwithstanding anything contained in these rules the appropriate authority may , if he is of the opinion that it is in the public interest to do so , retire Government servant by giving him notice of not less than three months in writing or three months ' pay and allowances in lieu of such notice , after he has attained fifty years of age or has completed 25 years of service , whichever is earlier . ( c ) Any Government servant may , by giving notice of not less than three months in writing to the appropriate authority , retire from service after he has attained the age of fifty years or has completed 25 years of service , whichever is earlier . It is clear from the above that under F. R. 56(b ) the Government may retire a Government servant in the public interest by giving him three months ' notice in writing or three months ' pay and allowances in lieu thereof after he has attained the age of fifty years or has completed 25 years of service , whichever is earlier . 8 . As is well - known Government servants hold office during the pleasure of the President or the Governor , as the case may be , under Article 310 of the Constitution . However , the pleasure doctrine under Article 310 is limited by Article 311(2 ) . It is clear that the services of a permanent Government servant can not be terminated except in accordance with the rules made under Article 309 subject to Article 311(2 ) of the Constitution and the Fundamental Rights . It is also wellsettled that even a temporary Government servant or a probationer can not be dismissed or removed or reduced in rank except in accordance with Article 311(2 ) . The above doctrine of pleasure is invoked by the Government in the public interest after a Government servant attains the age of 50 years or has completed 25 years of service . This is constitutionally permissible as compulsory termination of