25 months ' notice and no acceptance of such a request is necessary . We can not agree with the interpretation canvassed by learned counsel for the respondent . The bye - law has to be read as a whole . Para ( 2 ) thereof confers a right on the employee to request for voluntary retirement on completion of 25 years ’ service or on attaining the age of 50 years , but his desire would materialise only if he is permitted to retire and not otherwise . Ordinarily , in a matter like this an employee who has put in less number of years of service would not be on a better fooling than the employee who has put in longer service . It could not have been the intention of the rule - making authority while framing para 5 of the bye - law to confer on such an employee a better and a larger right to retire after giving three months ' notice in writing . The words " seek retirement " in para 5 indicate that the right which is conferred by it is not the right to retire but a right to ask for retirement . The word " seek " implies a request by the employee and corresponding acceptance or permission by HPMC . Therefore , there can not be automatic retirement or snapping of service relationship on expiry of three months ' period . ” 22 . In Padubidri Damodar Shenoy vs. Indian Airlines Ltd. & Anr . ( 2009 ) 10 SCC 514 , a question arose of voluntary retirement from service which was not acceded to by the competent authority by according approval . The matter travelled to this Court . It was held that voluntary retirement did not come into force . The Court observed : “ 33 . There is nothing to indicate in Regulation 12 that if employer decides to withhold approval of voluntary retirement , such refusal of approval must be communicated to the petitioner during the period of notice . True it is that notice of three months for voluntary retirement given by an employee covered by Clause ( b ) remains valid even if no communication is received within the notice period but it becomes effective only on its approval by the competent authority . As a matter of fact , this seems to have been understood by both the parties . 34 . The appellant issued a notice of voluntary retirement under Regulation 12(b ) on 30 - 9 - 2005 . The notice period was to expire on 31 - 12 - 2005 . It is an admitted position that the competent authority neither gave an approval nor indicated disapproval to the appellant within the notice period of three months . The employee never treated that there has been cessation of employment on the expiry of three months ’ notice period inasmuch as he continued to attend his duties after 3112 - 2005 until 30 - 6 - 2006 . It is only by his letter dated 8 - 62006 that the appellant requested the respondent to relieve