13 service under F.R. 56 ( b ) does not amount to removal or dismissal by way of punishment . While the Government reserves its right to compulsorily retire a Government servant , even against his wish , there is a corresponding right of the Government servant under F. R. 56(c ) to voluntarily retire from service by giving the Government three months ' notice in writing . There is no question of acceptance of the request for voluntary retirement by the Government when the Government servant exercises his right under F. R. 56(c ) . Mr. Niren De is therefore right in conceding this position . aR sR aR 13 . F.R. 56 is one of the statutory rules which binds the Government as well as the Government servant . The condition of service which is envisaged in Rule 56(c ) giving an option in absolute terms to a Government servant to voluntarily retire with three months ' previous notice , after he reaches 50 years of age or has completed 25 years of service , can not therefore be equated with a contract of employment as envisaged in Explanation 2 to Rule 119 . 14 . The field occupied by F. R. 56 is left untrammelled by Explanation 2 to Rule 119 . The words " his contract of employment " in Explanation 2 are clinching on the point . aR aR aR 17 . The High Court committed an error on law in holding that consent of the Government was necessary to give legal effect to the voluntary retirement of the appellant under F.R. 56(c ) . Since the conditions of F.R. 56(c ) are fulfilled in the instant case , the appellant must be held to have lawfully retired as notified by him with effect from August 2 , 1976 . 13 . It was submitted that despite the absence of any identical language , the rule involved in Dinesh Chandra Sangma ( supra ) is comparable with Uttar Pradesh Fundamental Rules and therefore , the judgment is binding . The submission based upon the same can not be accepted and Rule 56(b)(c ) came up for consideration was somewhat different and there was no such Explanation to Rule 56 .