24 notice till such acceptance is communicated and the refusal of permission could also be communicated after three months and the employee continues to be in service . It is the aforesaid later observations made by this Court , which are squarely applicable to the rule in question as applicable in the State of Uttar Pradesh . 21 . In Himachal Pradesh Horticultural Produce Marketing & Processing Corporation Ltd. vs. Suman Behari Sharma ( 1996 ) 4 SCC 584 , the Court considered the language employed in the applicable bye - laws . It was observed that if the permission for voluntary retirement is not granted , the employee would not be able to retire . The Court observed : “ 8 . Clause ( 2 ) of the bye - law inter alia provides for voluntary retirement from service of HPMC on completion of 25 years ’ service or on attaining the age of 50 years whichever is earlier . The employee , however , has a right to make a request in that behalf and his request would become effective only if he is ‘ permitted ’ to retire . The words " may be ... permitted at his request " clearly indicate that the said clause does not confer on the employee a right to retire on completion of either 25 years ’ service or on attaining the age of 50 years . It confers on the employee a right to make a request to permit him to retire . Obviously , if request is not accepted and permission is not granted the employee will not be able to retire as desired by him . Para ( 5 ) of the bye - law is in the nature of an exception to para ( 2 ) and permits the employee who has not completed 25 years ’ service or has attained 50 years of age to seek retirement if he has completed 20 years ’ satisfactory service . He can do so by giving three months ' notice in writing . The contention of the learned Counsel for HPMC was that though para 5 of the bye - law relaxes the conditions prescribed by para ( 2 ) , the relaxation is only with respect to the period of service and attainment of age of 50 years and it can not be read to mean that the requirement of permission is dispensed with . On the other hand , the learned counsel for the respondent submitted that as para 5 opens with the words " Notwithstanding the provision under para ( 2 ) " and the words " may be ... permitted at his request " are absent that would mean that the employee has a right to retire after giving three