21 specified in sub - rule ( 1 ) , the retirement shall become effective from the date of expiry of the period . Therefore , it is clear that if a person has completed 20 years qualifying service and has given a notice under Rule 5.32(B ) of 3 months ( or if his request for relaxation of 3 months is accepted ) , then the request " shall " be accepted subject to invoking the provision of Rule 2.2 of the Punjab Civil Services Rules ( Vol . I ] ) . Under Rule 2.2 , the " future good conduct " of an employee is an implied condition of every grant of pension . In other words , what all it means is that even if the acceptance of the voluntary retirement is mandatory , there is an obligation cast on the retired employee to maintain good conduct after such retirement . The words " future good conduct " mean good conduct after retirement . If the employee does not continue to maintain good conduct after retirement , then the Government can withhold or withdraw the pension or a part of it in case he is convicted of serious crime or in case he be guilty of grave misconduct . Such a decision to withhold or withdraw the whole or part of pension would be final and conclusive , that is to say , so far as the governmental hierarchy is concerned . It will be noticed that Rule 2.2 does not obstruct the voluntary retirement to come into force automatically on the expiry of 3 months and it only enables withdrawal or withholding of pension subject to certain conditions , to a retired employee . 9 . The employment of government servants is governed by rules . These rules provide a particular age as the age of superannuation . Nonetheless , the rules confer a right on the Government to compulsorily retire an employee before the age of superannuation provided the employee has reached a particular age or has completed a particular number of years of qualifying service in case it is found that his service has not been found to be satisfactory . The rules also provide that an employee who has completed the said number of years in his age or who has completed the prescribed number of years of qualifying service could give notice of , say , three months that he would voluntarily retire on the expiry of the said period of three months . Some Rules are couched in language which results in an automatic retirement of the employee upon expiry of the period specified in the employee 's notice . On the other hand , certain rules in some other departments are couched in language which makes it clear that even upon expiry of the period specified in the notice , the retirement is not automatic and an express order granting permission is required and has to be communicated . The relationship of master and servant in the latter type of rules continues after the period specified in the notice till such acceptance is communicated ; refusal of permission could also be communicated after 3 months and the employee continues to be in service . Cases like Dinesh Chandra Sangma v. State of Assam , ( 1977 ) 4 SCC 441 , BJ . Shelat v. State of Gujarat , ( 1978 ) 2 SCC 202 and Union of