23 . Insofar as synchronized trade involving same set of brokers and meeting of minds , in Securities and Exchange Board of India v. Kishore R. Ajmera ( 2016 ) 6 SCC 368 , this Court held as under : " 29 . This will take us to the second and third category of cases i.e. Ess Ess Intermediaries ( P ) Ltd. , Rajesh N. Jhaveri and Rajendra Jayantilal Shah ( second category ) and Monarch Networth Capital Ltd. ( earlier known as Networth Stock Broking Ltd. ) ( third category ) . In these cases the volume of trading in the illiquid scrips in question was huge , the extent being set out hereinabove . Coupled with the aforesaid fact , what has been alleged and reasonably established , is that buy and sell orders in respect of the transactions were made within a span of 0 to 60 seconds . While the said fact by itself i.e. proximity of time between the buy and sell orders may not be conclusive in an isolated case such an event in a situation where there is a huge volume of trading can reasonably point to some kind of a fraudulent/manipulative exercise with prior meeting of minds . Such meeting of minds so as to attract the liability of the broker/sub-broker may be between the broker/sub-broker and the client or it could be between the two brokers/sub-brokers engaged in the buy and sell transactions . When over a period of time such transactions had been made between the same set of brokers or a group of brokers a conclusion can be reasonably reached that there is a concerted effort on the part of the brokers concerned to indulge in synchronized trades the consequence of which is large volumes of fictitious trading resulting in the unnatural rise in hiking the price/value of the scrip ( s ) . It must be specifically taken note of herein that the trades in question were not “ negotiated trades ” executed _ in accordance with the terms of the Board ’s circulars issued from time to time . A negotiated trade , it is clarified , invokes consensual bargaining involving synchronising of buy and_sell orders which will result in matching thereof but only as per permissible parameters which are programmed accordingly . 30 . It has been vehemently argued before us that on a screen-based trading the identity of the 2 party be it the client or the broker is not known to the first party/client or broker . According to us , knowledge of who the 2 " party/client or the broker is , is not relevant at all . While the screen-based trading system keeps the identity of the parties anonymous it will be too naive to rest the final conclusions on said basis which overlooks a meeting of minds elsewhere . Direct proof of such meeting of minds elsewhere would rarely be forthcoming . The test , in our considered view , is one of preponderance of probabilities so far as adjudication of civil liability 72