16 . Regulations if it is executed with a view to manipulate the market or if it results in circular trading or is dubious in nature and with a view to manipulate the price or volume of the scrip or with some ulterior exchange with the buyer and seller entering the price at which they intended to buy and sell respectively , the transaction does not become illegal . A synchronized transaction even on the trading screen between genuine parties who intend to transfer beneficial interest in the trading stock and who undertake the transaction only for that purpose and not for rigging the market is not illegal and can not violate the regulations .... " [ underlining added ] A synchronized transaction will become illegal or violative of the purpose . In Ketan Parekh case , SAT held as under : 17 . pertaining to Nifty were synchronized . Be it noted that as pointed out by SAT in para ( 7 ) of its order , the respondent did not dispute the fact wens A synchronized transaction will , however , be illegal or violative of the Regulations if it is executed with a view to manipulate the market or if it results in circular trading or is dubious in nature and is executed with a view to avoid regulatory detection or does not involve change of beneficial ownership or is executed to create false volumes resulting in upsetting the market equilibrium . Any transaction executed with the intention to defeat the market mechanism whether negotiated or not would be illegal . Whether a transaction has been executed with the intention to manipulate the market or defeat its mechanism will depend upon the intention of the parties which could be _ inferred from the attending circumstances because direct evidence in such cases may not be available . The nature of the transaction executed , the frequency with which such transactions are undertaken , the value of the transactions , whether they involve circular trading and whether there is real change of beneficial ownership , the conditions then prevailing in the market are some of the factors which go to show the intention of the parties . This list of factors , in the very nature of things , can not be exhaustive . Any one factor may or may not be decisive and it is from the cumulative effect of these that an inference will have to be drawn . " ( underlining added ) In the present case , all the fourteen transactions ( except one ) 66