any modification which may be made by the Hon’ble Supreme Court , either in the hearing scheduled for 20.9.2018 or any date thereafter . In other words , the last cut - off date proposed as 30.9.2018 would get substituted by the date so decided by the Supreme Court . The period of 730 days for fulfilment of the eligibility criteria in the above mentioned separate categories of advocates shall be counted from the last cut - off date in 2004 till 30 " September , 2018 or any other date which may be decided by the Supreme Court . 5 . It is the firm suggestion on behalf of the SCBA that the process for lodging / submitting applicatoins for allotment of chambers by Members of SCBA , in any of the above mentioned 3 categories , should be a continuous process , i.e. , whenever any member of the SCBA belonging to any of the 3 categories fulfils the requirement of the criteria prescribed for becoming eligible for consideration for allotment of chamber by the Supreme Court , his / her application shall be accepted by the Registry . This would completely eliminate the uncertainty with regard to opening of the period for inviting such applications . The procedure / mechanism of accepting applications throughout the year , on continuous basis , is the norm which is being followed almost in every High Court . Adoption of such a mechanism / methodology of such a process to remain operative continuously would be beneficial to the members of the SCBA and would also remove possible anomalies and irritants in this entire process . 6 . Insofar as the AORs are concerned who have acted as AOR for any State Government etc . , filing for the respective State Government would also be taken towards fulfilment of the criteria for 20 filings annually . 7 . Similarly , all those Member Advocates ( NonAORs ) , who have remained with Government Panels , their appearances in the Government matters would also be counted for the fulfilment of eligibility of 50 appearances in a year for becoming eligible for allotment of chambers . Writ Petition ( Civil ) No . 745 of 2018 & Ors . Page 22 of 39