fundamental right under Article 19(1)(g ) of the Constitution and this contention was rejected in the following manner : “ 4 . We will first deal with the contention raised by the petitioners in Writ Petitions Nos . 883 and 1223 of 1990 , that not making available chambers to the Advocates - on - Record within the Supreme Court compound is violative of their fundamental right under Article 19(1)(g ) of the Constitution . It was submitted that Article 19(1)(g ) guarantees , inter alia , the right to practise any profession . Practising legal profession is thus a fundamental right . An Advocate - on - Record can exercise this fundamental right of his effectively only if he is provided with a chamber within the Supreme Court premises . Therefore , to make a chamber available to him is an integral part of his guaranteed fundamental right . We see no substance in this contention . Even if we proceed on the basis that to practise as an advocate is a fundamental right , no right to be allotted a chamber within the Court premises follows from it . A legal practitioner / an advocate can carry on his legal profession without a chamber . It is not necessary that he should have a chamber within the Court premises . That which merely facilitates the exercise of the fundamental right can not be regarded as an integral part of that fundamental right . Far from being a fundamental right it does not even have the status of a right . No law confers such a right on a member of a legal profession nor such a facility has been accepted as a right even otherwise . Making a chamber available to a member of the legal profession practising in a court of law is really a facility provided to him by the Court . This is the true nature and character of the claim made by the Advocates - onRecord , not giving a chamber to him can not be regarded as violative of Article 19(1)(g ) of the Constitution . It may be stated that neither the learned Attorney General nor Mr Nariman , Mr Venugopal and other Senior Advocates supported this contention and very fairly stated that the view which we are taking namely that it is a facility provided by the Court is the correct view . 5 . As it is not a matter of right or legal obligation of the Writ Petition ( Civil ) No . 745 of 2018 & Ors . Page 33 of 39