14 Section 23 of the Act which mentions that for non - payment of tax under the Act , penalty can be imposed . The appellants have referred to the judgment of this Court in Hindustan Steel Ltd. v. State of Orissa ’ which describes the nature of penalty as under : " 8 . Under the Act penalty may be imposed for failure to register as a dealer — Section 9(1 ) read with Section 25(1)(a ) of the Act . But the liability to pay penalty does not arise merely upon proof of default in registering as a dealer . An order imposing penalty for failure to carry out a statutory obligation is the result of a quasi - criminal proceeding , and penalty will not ordinarily be imposed unless the party obliged either acted deliberately in defiance of law or was guilty of conduct contumacious or dishonest , or acted in conscious disregard of its obligation . Penalty will not also be imposed merely because it is lawful to do so . Whether penalty should be imposed for failure to perform a statutory obligation is a matter of discretion of the authority to be exercised judicially and on a consideration of all the relevant circumstances . Even if a minimum penalty is prescribed , the authority competent to impose the penalty will be justified in refusing to impose penalty , when there is a technical or venial breach of the provisions of the Act or where the breach flows from a bona fide belief that the offender is not liable to act in the manner prescribed by the statute . Those in charge of the affairs of the Company in failing to register the Company as a dealer acted in the honest and genuine belief that the Company was not a dealer . Granting that they erred , no case for imposing penalty was made out . ” 26 ) It was argued that action of the appellants was bona fide inasmuch as when the notices were received for the first time for payment of tax under Section 6 of the Act , the same were challenged albeit the validity of Section 6 was upheld by the High Court . Thereafter , tax was paid by the appellants though challenged again in the present round of litigation . On that basis , it was argued that action of the appellants was bona fide . ( 1969 ) 2 SCC 627