been approved by the State Government . The proviso to Section 3(4 ) states that , if the grounds for detention under Section 8 are communicated to the detenu after five days , but not later than ten days from the date of detention , the words ‘ twelve days ’ will be substituted by ‘ fifteen days ’ in that sub - section . Section 3 , in so far as is material , is extracted below : “ 3 . Power to make orders detaining certain persons ( 1 ) The Central Government or the State Government may , ( a ) if satisfied with respect to any person that with a view to preventing him from acting in any manner prejudicial to the defense of India , the relations of India with foreign powers , or the security of India , or ( b ) if satisfied with respect to any foreigner that with a view to regulating his continued presence in India or with a view to making arrangements for his expulsion from India , itis necessary so to do , make an order directing that such person be detained . ( 2 ) .. ( 3 ) ... ( 4 ) When any order is made under this section by an officer mentioned in subsection ( 3 ) , he shall forthwith report the fact to the State Government to which he is subordinate together with the grounds on which the order has been made and such other particulars as , in his opinion , have a bearing on the matter , and no such order shall remain in force for more than twelve days after the making thereof unless , in the meantime , it has been approved by the State Government : Provided that where under section 8 the grounds of detention are communicated by the officer making the order after five days but not later than ten days from the date of detention , this sub - section shall apply subject to the modification that , for the words " twelve days " , the words " fifteen days " shall be substituted . ” 6 . Section 8 requires the authority making the detention order to communicate , to the detenu , the grounds for his detention . This communication has to be made “ as soon as may be , ” but not later than five days from the date of detention , in ordinary circumstances , and not later than ten days from the date of detention , in exceptional circumstances ( with reasons to be recorded in writing for the delay ) . The section also requires the detaining authority to give