15 “ I have gone through the file and found there is no such documents have been filed by the objector whose genuineness can be examined except the objection which has been filed on behalf of O.P. Sri Ram Abhilakh stating that this tribunal has got no jurisdiction to examine the genuineness of sale certificate that which one is correct out of these two documents . In this regard I have to mention that this has been the consistent view of the higher tribunal under the O.P. ( C & P ) Act No . 44 of 1954 , that in a case in which the nature of each complaint is that some forged deeds have been reported to have been issued by the Assistant Castodian / Managing Officer the said officer can meet enquiries and can ask the person concerned to produced the relevant papers to examine their veracity find out if any such deed was at all issued . In this connection a copy of order of Sri Prem Narain , Settlement Commissioner ( Judicial ) passed on 11.10.76 in appeal No.14 / SC / PN / U/70,SriMohd . Shamim Vs . Managing Officer , Lucknow was filed as an examper , in which it has been held that the Managing Officer can certainly look into the matter on receipt of complaint and can pass appropriate order on that basis . Accordingly , the parties were directed to produce relevant papers , the applicant Smt . MaimunNissa filed the original & photo copy of receipt of earnest money , acceptance letter dt . 10.6.65 and the sale certificate dt . 7.7.65 referred to above , and supported her contention on affidavit . Sri Ram Abhilekh did not produce any document and also did not produce Sri Mohd . Satar @ Mohkan the alleged original transferred from the custodian to prove the genuineness of the transaction . On the other hand the evaded to file the documentation the plea that the same can not be looked into by the tribunal ; which as stated above can always be looked in this circumstances of the case . In the absence of any papers or evidence of Sri Ram Abilekh the matter was examined with the available records . The connected file shows that first the house was put to sale on 16.3.62 when the bid of Smt . Amina was the highest for Rs.1210/- and an amount of Rs.121/- was deposited but subsequently for non deposit the balance