Appellant is that the land belonging to him was leased out to the sugar mill and the vesting is only of the leasehold interest in the land and that he continues to be the title holder . We are unable to agree . A detailed examination of the provisions of the Act would make it clear that the intention was to secure all assets which were being used for the purposes of the factory . ( State of U.P. v. Lakshmi Sugar & Oil Mills Ltd. ( supra ) ) . The crucial words in Section 2 ( h ) ( vi ) are “ held or occupied for purposes of that factory . ” The scope of the word ‘ held ’ arose for consideration in A.G. Varadarajulu v. State of T.N. , ( 1998 ) 4 SCC 231 and this Court observed : “ 26 . The word “ hold ” or “ held ” in the context of land has come up for consideration in several cases before this Court . In State of U.P. v. Sarjoo Devi [ ( 1977 ) 4 SCC 2 ] while dealing with the said word in Section 3(14 ) of the U.P. Zamindari Abolition and Land Reforms Act , 1950 , as follows : ( SCC p. 8 , paras 8 and 10 ) “ The word ‘ held ’ occurring in the above definition which is a past participle of the word ‘ hold ’ is of wide import . In the Unabridged Edition of The Random House Dictionary of the English Language , the word ‘ hold ’ has been inter alia stated to mean ‘ to have the ownership or use of ; keep as one 's own ’ . kK In Webster 's New Twentieth Century Dictionary ( Second Edition ) , it is stated that in legal parlance the word ‘ held ’ means to possess by ‘ legal title ’ . Relying upon this connotation , this Court in Bhudan Singh v. Nabi Bux [ ( 1969 ) 2 SCC 481 ] interpreted the word ‘ held ’ in Section 9 of U.P. Zamindari Abolition and Land Reforms Act , 1950 as meaning possession by legal title . ” ( emphasis supplied ) Again in State of A.P. v. Mohd . Ashrafuddin [ ( 1982 ) 2 SCC 1 ] it was held as follows : ( SCC p. 4 , para 8) “ According to Oxford Dictionary ‘ held ’ means : to possess ; to be the owner or holder or tenant of ; keep possession of ; occupy . Thus , ‘ held ’ connotes both ownership as well as possession . And in the context of the definition it is not possible to interpret the term ‘ held ’ only in the sense of possession . ” The word “ holds ” was again interpreted in Hari Ram v. Babu Gokul Prasad [ 1991 Supp ( 2 ) SCC 608 ] where it occurs in Section 185(1 ) of the Madhya Pradesh Land Revenue Code , 1959 . It was