14 Further , in paragraph No. 110 , the Court observed thus : 110 . The summary of our findings to the various issues as raised in these petitions are as follows : ( i ) Chapter XI of the Motor Vehicles Act , 1988 providing compulsory insurance of vehicles against third party risks is a social welfare legislation to extend relief by compensation to victims of accidents caused by use of motor vehicles . The provisions of compulsory insurance coverage of all vehicles are with this paramount object and the provisions of the Act have to be so interpreted as to effectuate the said object . ( ii ) Insurer is entitled to raise a defence in a claim petition filed under Section 163A or Section 166 of the Motor Vehicles Act , 1988 inter alia in terms of Section 149 ( 2 ) ( a ) ( ii ) of the said Act . ( iii ) The breach of policy condition , e.g. disqualification of driver or invalid driving licence of the driver , as contained in Sub-section ( 2 ) ( a ) ( ii ) of Section 149 , have to be proved to have been committed by the insured for avoiding liability by the insurer . Mere absence , fake or invalid driving licence or disqualification of the driver for driving at the relevant time , are not in themselves defences available to the insurer against either the insured or the third parties . To avoid its liability towards insured , the insurer has to prove that the insured was guilty of negligence and failed to exercise reasonable care in the matter of fulfilling the condition of the policy regarding use of vehicles by duly licensed driver or one who was not disqualified to drive at the relevant time , ( iv ) The insurance companies are , however , with a view to avoid their liability must not only establish the available defence ( s ) raised in the said proceedings but must also establish ' breach ' on the part of the owner of the vehicle ; the burden of proof where for would be on them . ( v ) The court can not lay down any criteria as to how said burden would be discharged , inasmuch as the same would depend upon the facts and circumstance of each case .