There were two exit wounds , one bullet did not exit the body . Thus , only two spent bullet were found at the place of occurrence . No fourth spent bullet or empty cartridge was found at the place of occurrence . 3 : The FIR registered at 5.45 pm mentions firing of three shots . The inquest report prepared by Lt . Col . Taneja showed that Gandhiji had suffered bullet injuries from three bullets only . There were six eye witnesses ; PW-31 ( Amar Nath ) , PW-32 ( Nandlal Mehta ) , PW-34 ( Ratan Singh ) , PW-37 ( Dharam Singh ) , PW-76 ( Raghunath Naik ) , PW-82 ( Sardar Gurbachan Singh ) . Each one of them mentions that three shots were fired by the sole assailant Nathuram Godse . No one from either side i.e. the prosecution or defence suggested that four bullets were fired or that there was a second assailant . The report submitted by Learned Amicus Curiae Shri Amrendra Sharan , Senior Advocate contains a detailed reference to all the relevant evidence in this regard . 6 . Another submission made by the petitioner is that this Court should review the Kapur Commission findings . G.V. Ketkar , grandson of Lokmanya Balgangadhar Tilak , made a statement that he had knowledge about the conspiracy to assassinate Mahatma Gandhi prior to the incident . This raised a political storm and the Kapur Commission was set up inter alia to inquire into the conspiracy to assassinate Mahatma Gandhi . The commission headed by former Judge of this Court Shri Jivanlal Kapur submitted its report in 1969 . According to the petitioner , the following finding of Kapur Commission in its report is unfair since it hurts the sentiments of the followers of Shri Savarkar : “ All these facts taken together were destructive of any theory other than the conspiracy to murder by Savarkar and his 992 , group He , therefore , prayed for a review of this finding or setting up of a new commission . 7 . The Learned Amicus Curiae submitted that this finding was rendered after the demise of Shri Savarkar and no opportunity was given to Shri Savarkar or any of his representatives . He submitted that the finding is unfair since Shri Savarkar had been acquitted at the trial . 2 Kapur Commission Report , Page 303 of Volume II 3