There is no doubt that this finding does not in any way interfere with the acquittal and is a general observation probably made since Godse and others were found to have been associated with Shri Savarkar . It can not have the effect of overturning of the finding of the criminal court which acquitted Shri Savarkar . Constitution bench of this Court in Ram Kishan Dalmia v. Justice S.R.Tendolkar ’ considered the effect of the findings of a Commission as follows : “ The Commission has no power of adjudication in the sense of passing an order which can be enforced proprio vigore . ” Further , the Constitution bench declined to act on the findings in the report of Commission of Inquiry ; “ But seeing that the Commission of Inquiry has no judicial powers and its report will purely be recommendatory and not effective proprio vigore and the statement made by any person before the Commission of Inquiry is , under s.6 of the act , wholly inadmissible in evidence in any future proceedings , civil or criminal , there can be no point in the Commission of Inquiry making recommendations for taking action “ as and by way of securing redress or punishment ” which , in agreement with the High Court , we think , refers , in the context , to wrongs already done or committed , for redress or punishment for such wrongs , if any , has to be imposed by a court of law properly constituted exercising its own discretion on the facts and circumstances of the case and without being in any way influenced by the view of any person or body , howsoever august or high powered it may be . ” The submission of the petitioner that Shri Savarkar has been held guilty for the murder of Gandhiji is misplaced . 8 . We are , however , not inclined to enter into the correctness or fairness of the findings in this report . That would be another exercise in futility and would none the less pan new fires of controversy . This Court must at all cost be vary of such contentious issues and must not allow its jurisdiction to be invoked for such purposes . 9 . We are , therefore , not prepared to accept the fourth bullet theory propounded by the petitioner . Learned Amicus Curiae categorically submitted that perusal of original photograph at the museum leads to no such inference . We consider the petitioner ’s attempt to reopen this 3 1959 SCR 279 : AIR 1958 SC 538 4