3 . The delay with which the petitioner has raised this issue is gross . According to the petitioner , he moved the court after doing some research about the circumstances in which Gandhiji ’s assassination took place and got convinced about the involvement of an unseen hand in the assassination . We are , however , not satisfied that new research into a long concluded matter justifies a re - initiation of criminal investigation or that anything that might be stated should be allowed to reopen a case such as this . Criminal cases which result in conviction and even execution of death sentences and the demise of those who have served life sentences ought not to be reviewed , neither is there a provision in law for review . But it was argued before us that the assassination of Gandhiji was an event of far reaching consequences in the world and the nation has the right to know the truth . While undoubtedly the nation has right to know the truth , such a right can not be invoked where the truth is already well known merely because some academic research raises a different perspective in law . This would amount to reopening issues based on hearsay . 4 . We are constrained to make this observation because Nathuram Godse was convicted on the basis of the evidence of eye - witnesses who were present at the prayer meeting . The meeting itself was attended by innumerable people . Each one of the eye - witnesses described how Godse moved forward and shot Gandhiji . All the evidence reveals that three shots entered the body . It further revealed that : ( i ) The weapon of assault was semi - automatic Berreta Pistol with a magazine that could carry seven cartridges at a time . The pistol was recovered with four live cartridges by PW-31 . ( ii ) Two empty cartridge cases were found at the place of occurrence ; the third was found in the shawl when the last ritual bath was given to the body of Gandhiji . ( iii ) | The death report mentions three bullet wounds : ( a ) One injury on the right side of the chest near nipple . ( b ) One injury below the chest on the right side . ( c ) One injury on the right side of the abdomen .