15 of India as the head of the institution . From an institutional perspective the Chief Justice is placed at the helm of the Supreme Court . In the allocation of cases and the constitution of benches the Chief Justice has an exclusive prerogative . As a repository of constitutional trust , the Chief Justice is an institution in himself . The authority which is conferred upon the Chief Justice , it must be remembered , is vested in a high constitutional functionary . The authority is entrusted to the Chief Justice because such an entrustment of functions is necessary for the efficient transaction of the administrative and judicial work of the Court . The ultimate purpose behind the entrustment of authority to the Chief Justice is to ensure that the Supreme Court is able to fulfil and discharge the constitutional obligations which govern and provide the rationale for its existence . The entrustment of functions to the Chief Justice as the head of the institution , is with the purpose of securing the position of the Supreme Court as an independent safeguard for the preservation of personal liberty . There can not be a presumption of mistrust . The oath of office demands nothing less . Provided that the President may by rule require that in such cases as may be specified in the rule , no person not already attached to the Court shall be appointed to any office connected with the Court , save after consultation with the Union Public Service Commission . ( 2 ) Subject to the provisions of any law made by Parliament , the conditions of service of officers and servants of the Supreme Court shall be such as may be prescribed by rules made by the Chief Justice of India or by some other Judge or officer of the Court authorized by the Chief Justice of India to make rules for the purpose : Provided that the rules made under this clause shall , so far as they relate to salaries , allowances leave or pensions , require the approval of the President . ( 3 ) The administrative expenses of the Supreme Court , including all salaries , allowances and pensions payable to or in respect of the officers and servants of the Court , shall be charged upon the Consolidated Fund of India , and any fees or other moneys taken by the Court shall form part of that Fund .