less than five Judges and in the course of the hearing of the appeal the Court is satisfied that the appeal involves a substantial question of law as to the interpretation of this Constitution the determination of which is necessary for the disposal of the appeal , such Court shall refer the question for opinion to a Court constituted as required by this clause for the purpose of deciding any case involving such a question and shall on receipt of the opinion dispose of the appeal in conformity with such opinion . ( 4 ) No judgment shall be delivered by the Supreme Court save in open Court , and no report shall be made under article 143 save in accordance with an opinion also delivered in open Court . ( 5 ) No judgment and no such opinion shall be delivered by the Supreme Court save with the concurrence of a majority of the Judges present at the hearing of the case , but nothing in this clause shall be deemed to prevent a Judge who does not concur from delivering a dissenting judgment or opinion . ” 7 Order VI of the Supreme Court Rules 2013 deals with the constitution of Division Courts and powers of a Single Judge . Rules 1 , 2 and 4 provide thus : “ 41 , Subject to the other provisions of these rules every cause , appeal or matter shall be heard by a Bench consisting of not less than two Judges nominated by the Chief Justice . 2 . Where in the course of the hearing of any cause , appeal or other proceeding the Bench considers that the matter should be dealt with by a larger Bench , it shall refer the matter to the Chief Justice , who shall thereupon constitute such a Bench for the hearing of it . 4 . If a Bench of less than three Judges , hearing a cause , appeal or matter , is of the opinion that the accused should be sentenced to death it shall refer the matter to the Chief Justice who shall thereupon constitute a Bench of not less than three Judges for hearing it . ” Rule 1 indicates that it is the Chief Justice who is to nominate the Judges who would constitute a Bench to hear a cause , appeal or matter . Where a reference