10 Recently , a Constitution Bench of this Court in Campaign for Judicial Accountability and Reforms v Union of India ? held that the principle which was noticed ( supra ) in re High Court “ must apply proprio vigore as regards the power of the Chief Justice of India ’ . The position of the Chief Justice was reiterated with the following ( 5 ) That the Chief Justice can take congnizance of an application laid before him under Rule 55 ( supra ) and refer a case to the larger bench for its disposal and he can exercise this jurisdiction even in relation to a part - heard case . ( 6 ) That the puisne Judges can not “ pick and choose ” any case pending in the High Court and assign the same to himself or themselves for disposal without appropriate orders of the Chief Justice . ( 7 ) That no Judge or Judges can give directions to the Registry for listing any case before him or them which runs counter to the directions given by the Chief Justice . ” and recognised in the decision of this court in Prakash Chand lation to the jurisdiction and authority of the Chief Justice of the observations : 2 ( 2018)1 SCC 196 “ The aforesaid position though stated as regards the High Court , we are absolutely certain that the said principle is applicable to the Supreme Court . We are disposed to think so . Unless such a position is clearly stated , there will be utter confusion . Be it noted , this has been also the convention of this Court , and the convention has been so because of the law . We have to make it clear without any kind of hesitation that the convention is followed because of the principles of law and because of judicial discipline and decorum . Once the Chief Justice is stated to be the Master of the Roster , he alone has the prerogative to constitute Benches . Needless to say , neither a two - Judge Bench nor a three - Judge Bench can allocate the matter to themselves or direct the composition for constitution of a Bench . To elaborate , there can not be any direction to the Chief Justice of India as to who shall be sitting on the Bench or who shall take up the matter as that touches the composition