to cancel the candidature of a candidate if it finds that the acquittal is based on some serious flaw in the conduct of the prosecution case or is the result of material witnesses turning hostile . It is only experienced officers of the Screening Committee who will be able to judge whether the acquitted or discharged candidate is likely to revert to similar activities in future with more strength and vigour , if appointed , to the post in a police force . The Screening Committee will have to consider the nature and extent of such person ’s involvement in the crime and his propensity of becoming a cause for worsening the law and order situation rather than maintaining it . In our opinion , this policy framed by the Delhi Police does not merit any interference from this Court as its object appears to be to ensure that only persons with impeccable character enter the police force . 24 . We find no substance in the contention that by cancelling the respondents ’ candidature , the Screening Committee has overreached the judgments of the criminal court . We are aware that the question of co-relation between a criminal case and a departmental enquiry does not directly arise here , but , support can be drawn from the principles laid down by this Court in connection with it because the issue involved is somewhat identical , namely , whether to allow a person with doubtful integrity to work in the department . While the standard of proof in a criminal case is the proof beyond all reasonable doubt , the proof in a departmental proceeding is preponderance of probabilities . Quite often criminal cases end in acquittal because witnesses turn hostile . Such acquittals are not acquittals on merit . An acquittal based on benefit of doubt would not stand on a par with a clean acquittal on merit after a full-fledged trial , where there is no indication of the witnesses being won over . In R.P. Kapur v. Union of India ‘ this Court has taken a view that departmental proceedings can proceed even though a person is acquitted when the acquittal is other than honourable . ® AIR 1964 SC 787