15 27 ) In order to test this argument , we shall have to consider the provision under which penalty can be imposed . The provision in the Act is Section 23 and Rule 4 of the Taxation Rules provides for the rates of penalty . Section 23 reads as under : " Liability to pay penalty for non-payment of tax in time . - If the tax payable in respect of a vehicle other than personalised vehicle has not been paid during prescribed period , the person liable to pay such tax shall pay together with the arrears of tax , a penalty at the rates prescribed by the State Government . ” 28 ) Rule 4 , likewise , is to the following effect : " 4 . Due date of payment and penalty for non-payment of taxes in time . — ( 1 ) For vehicles other than personalised vehicles the due date of payment of tax shall be the date of expiry of the period for which the tax has been last paid . In cases where no such tax had previously been paid , the date of acquisition of the vehicle or the date when such tax is imposed by law shall be due date for tax payment . For payment of differential taxes under the provision of Section 8 , the due date shall be within seven days from the date of alteration in the vehicle or the change in its use . ( 2 ) Where the tax for any period in respect of a vehicle has not been paid as required under the provisions of sub-rule ( 1 ) and continues to remain unpaid thereafter , the taxing officer may impose penalty in respect of such vehicles at the rate specified in the table below : — TABLE Period Amount of penalty ( i ) If paid within fifteen | Nil . This will be treated as a grace days from the due date of | period . payment . ( ii ) If paid after fifteen | Penalty to be charged at the rate of days but within 30 days of | 25 per cent , of the tax . the due date of payment . ( iii ) If paid after 30 days | Penalty to be charged at the rate of but within 60 days of the | 50 per cent , of the taxes due . due date of payment . ( iv ) If paid after 60 days | Penalty to be charged equal to the |