4 between the two in that event would be certainty on the one hand and staticness on the other . One may perceive that the comparative measure is certainty on the one hand and uncertainty on the other but such a perception is fallacious . It is because the price rise does affect a selfemployed person ; and that apart there is always an incessant effort to enhance one ’s income for sustenance . The purchasing capacity of a salaried person on permanent job when increases because of grant of increments and pay revision or for some other change in service conditions , there is always a 45 competing attitude in the private sector to enhance the salary to get better efficiency from the employees . Similarly , a person who is self-employed is bound to garner his resources and raise his charges/fees so that he can live with same facilities . To have the perception that he is likely to remain static and his income to remain stagnant is contrary to the fundamental concept of human attitude which always intends to live with dynamism and move and change with the time . Though it may seem appropriate that there can not be certainty in addition of future prospects to the existing income unlike in the case of a person having a permanent job , yet the said perception does not really deserve acceptance . We are inclined to think that there can be some degree of difference as regards the percentage that is meant for or applied to in respect of the legal representatives who claim on behalf of the deceased who had a permanent job than a person who is self-employed or on a fixed salary . But not to apply the principle of standardization on the foundation of perceived lack of certainty would tantamount to remaining oblivious to the marrows of ground reality . And , therefore , degree-test is imperative . Unless the degree-test is applied and left to the parties to adduce evidence to establish , it would be unfair and inequitable . The degree-test has to have the inbuilt concept of 46 percentage . Taking into consideration the cumulative factors , namely , passage of time , the changing society , escalation of price , the change in price index , the human attitude to follow a particular pattern of