integrity and high standard of police force , the Screening Committee may decline to take cognizance of a compromise , if it appears to it to be dubious . The Screening Committee can not be faulted for that . 34 , The respondents are trying to draw mileage from the fact that in their application and/or attestation form they have disclosed their involvement in a criminal case . We do not see how this fact improves their case . Disclosure of these facts in the application / attestation form is an essential requirement . An aspirant is expected to state these facts honestly . Honesty and integrity are inbuilt requirements of the police force . The respondents should not , therefore , expect to score any brownie points because of this disclosure . Besides , this has no relevance to the point in issue . It bears repetition to state that while deciding whether a person against whom a criminal case was registered and who was later on acquitted or discharged should be appointed to a post in the police force , what is relevant is the nature of the offence , the extent of his involvement , whether the acquittal was a clean acquittal or an acquittal by giving benefit of doubt because the witnesses turned hostile or because of some serious flaw in the prosecution , and the propensity of such person to indulge in similar activities in future . This decision , in our opinion , can only be taken by the Screening Committee created for that purpose by the Delhi Police . If the Screening Committee ’s decision is not mala fide or actuated by extraneous considerations , then , it can not be questioned . 35 . The police force is a disciplined force . It shoulders the great responsibility of maintaining law and order and public order in the society . People repose great faith and confidence in it . It must be worthy of that confidence . A candidate wishing to join the police force must be a person of utmost rectitude . He must have impeccable character and integrity . A person having criminal antecedents will not fit in this category . Even if he is acquitted or discharged in the criminal case , that acquittal or discharge order will have to be examined to see whether he has been completely exonerated in the case 10