25 . The expression “ honourable acquittal ” was considered by this Court in S. Samuthiram ’ . In that case this Court was concerned with a situation where disciplinary proceedings were initiated against a police officer . Criminal case was pending against him under Section 509 IPC and under Section 4 of the Eve - Teasing Act . He was acquitted in that case because of the non - examination of key witnesses . There was a serious flaw in the conduct of the criminal case . Two material witnesses turned hostile . Referring to the judgment of this Court in RBI v. Bhopal Singh Panchal ® , where in somewhat similar fact situation , this Court upheld a bank ’s action of refusing to reinstate an employee in service on the ground that in the criminal case he was acquitted by giving him benefit of doubt and , therefore , it was not an honourable acquittal , this Court held that the High Court was not justified in setting aside the punishment imposed in the departmental proceedings . This Court observed that the expressions “ honourable acquittal ” , “ acquitted of blame ” and “ fully exonerated ” are unknown to the Criminal Procedure Code or the Penal Code . They are coined by judicial pronouncements . It is difficult to define what is meant by the expression “ honourably acquitted ” . This Court expressed that when the accused is acquitted after full consideration of the prosecution case and the prosecution miserably fails to prove the charges levelled against the accused , it can possibly be said that the accused was honourably acquitted . 33 . So far as respondent Mehar Singh is concerned , his case appears to have been compromised . It was urged that acquittal recorded pursuant to a compromise should not be treated as a disqualification because that will frustrate the purpose of the Legal Services Authorities Act , 1987 . We see no merit in this submission . Compromises or settlements have to be encouraged to bring about peaceful and amiable atmosphere in the society by according a quietus to disputes . They have to be encouraged also to reduce arrears of cases and save the litigants from the agony of pending litigation . But these considerations can not be brought in here . In order to maintain 7 ( 2013 ) 1 SCC 598 8 ( 1994 ) 1 SCC 541