control over the subordinate agency which it can destroy later at any time it likes . If this is proved to exist in a particular case , then the character or extent of the powers delegated to or conferred upon such subordinate agent is quite immaterial and into that question the courts have no jurisdiction to enter . This argument seems plausible at first sight , but on closer examination , | find myself unable to accept it as sound . In my opinion , it is not enough that the legislature retains control over the subordinate agent and could recall him at any time it likes , to justify its arming the delegate with the legislative powers in regard to a particular subject . Subordinate legislation not only connotes the subordinate or dependent character of the agency which is entrusted with the power to legislate , but also implies to subordinate or ancillary character of the legislation itself , the making of which such agent is entrusted with . If the legislature hands over its essential legislative powers to an outside authority , that would , in my opinion , amount to a virtual abdication of its powers and such an act would be in excess of the limits of permissible delegation . ... On a consideration of all these decisions | have no hesitation in holding that as regards constitution of the delegation of legislative powers the Indian Legislature can not be in the same position as the prominent British Parliament and how far delegation is permissible has got to be ascertained in India as a matter of construction from the express provisions of the Indian Constitution . It can not be said that an unlimited right of delegation is inherent in the legislature power itself . This is not warranted by the provisions of the Constitution and _ the legitimacy of delegation depends entirely upon its being used as an ancillary measure which the _ legislature considers to be necessary for the purpose of exercising its legislative powers effectively and completely . The legislature must retain in its own hands the essential legislative functions which consist in declaring the legislative policy and laying down the standard which is to be enacted into a rule of law , and what can be delegated in the task of subordinate legislation which by its very nature 33