18 conditions . From the provisions in the 1957 Act , there is nothing to indicate that the Sailor after appointment or enrolment is “ automatically ” entitled to continue in Fleet Reserve Service after completion of initial active service period of 10 years . The provisions , however , indicate that on completion of initial active service of 10 years or enhanced period as per the amended provisions is entitled to take discharge in terms of Section 16 of the Act . The applicants assert that none of the applicants opted for discharge . That , however , does not mean that they would or in fact have continued to be on the Fleet Reserve Service after expiration of the term of active service as a Sailor . There ought to have been an express order issued by the competent authority to draft the applicant concerned in the Fleet Reserve Service . In the absence of such an order , on completion of the term of service of engagement , the Sailor concerned would stand discharged . Concededly , retention on the Fleet Reserve Service is the prerogative of the employer , to be exercised on case - to - case basis . In the present case , however , on account of a policy decision , the Fleet Reserve Service was discontinued in terms of Notification dated 3 - 7 - 1976 . ” 25.The Court reproduced the aforesaid notification dated July 7 , 1976 and continue with the discussion in the following manner : “ 27 . As noted hitherto , none of the relevant provisions even remotely suggest that the Sailor is “ automatically ” transferred to the Fleet Reserve Service . Whereas , it is expressly provided that on expiration of the term of service of engagement the Sailor would be placed on Fleet Reserve Service only if an express order in that behalf is passed by the competent authority to draft him on the Fleet Reserve and not otherwise . Section 16 of the Act merely gives an option to the Sailor to take a discharge after expiration of term of service of engagement . It is not a deeming provision that if such option is not exercised by the Sailor concerned , he would be treated as having been drafted on the Fleet Reserve Service for another 10 years “ automatically ” . 28 . Regulation 269 spells out the conditions of service . It reinforces the position that the services of a Sailor would be continued “ so long required ” or “ if required ” . The second part of sub - regulation ( 1 ) of that Regulation uses the expression “ if required ” , for further 10 years ' service in the Indian Fleet Reserve , subject to the provisions of the Regulations for the Indian Fleet Reserve . This view taken by the Tribunal ( Principal Bench , New Delhi ) in Niranjan Chakroborty v. Union of India [ Niranjan