21 Reserve of the Indian Navy to that extent , after coming into force of the said policy . None of the Sailors have been or could be drafted to the Fleet Reserve after coming into force of the said policy — as that establishment did not exist anymore and the strength of establishment of the Indian Navy stood reduced to that extent . Indisputably , the Sailors appointed prior to 3 - 7 - 1976 , had the option of continuing on the Fleet Reserve Service after expiration of their active service / empanelment period . As noted earlier , in respect of each applicants the appointment letter mentions the period of appointment as 10 years of initial active service and 10 years thereafter as Fleet Reserve Service , if required . The option to continue on the Fleet Reserve Service could not be offered to these applicants and similarly placed Sailors , by the Department , after expiration of their empanelment period of 10 years or less than 15 years as the case may be . It is for that reason , such Sailors were simply discharged on expiration of their active service / empanelment period . In other words , on account of discontinuation of the Fleet Reserve establishment of the Indian Navy , in terms of Policy dated 3 - 7 - 1976 it has entailed in reducing the strength of establishment of the Indian Navy to that extent . XXX XXX XXX 36 . Thus understood , all Sailors appointed prior to 3 - 7 - 1976 and whose tenure of initial active service / empanelment period expired on or after 3 - 7 - 1976 may be eligible for a special pension under Regulation 95 , subject , however , to fulfilling other requirements . In that , they had not exercised the option to take discharge on expiry of engagement ( as per Section 16 of the 1957 Act ) and yet were not and could not be drafted by the competent authority to the Fleet Reserve because of the policy of discontinuing the Fleet Reserve Service w.e.f . 3 - 7 - 1976 . The cases of such Sailors ( not limited to the original applicants before the Tribunal ) must be considered by the competent authority within three months for grant of a “ special pension ” from three years prior to the date of application made by the respective Sailor and release payment after giving adjustment of gratuity and death - cum - retirement - gratuity ( DCRG ) already paid to them from arrears . They shall be entitled for interest @ 9 % p.a . on the arrears , till the date of payment . ” 28.We , thus , answer question no . 1 in the negative and hold that the appellants are not entitled to count 50 % of the Fleet Reserve as they were never drafted into the said reserve . Consequently , the appellants