20 time . We would , at this juncture , like to reproduce para 31 of 7T.R. Das case . “ 31 . The original applicants contend that if the Government Policy dated 3 - 7 - 1976 is applied to the serving Sailors , inevitably , it will result in retrospective application thereof to their detriment . That is forbidden by Section 184-A of the Act . This argument does not commend to us . In that , the effect of the Government Policy is to disband the establishment of the Reserve Fleet Service with effect from 3 - 7 - 1976 . As found earlier , drafting of Sailors to the Reserve Fleet Service was not automatic , but dependent on an express order to be passed by the competent authority in that behalf on case - to - case basis . The Sailors did not have a vested or accrued right for being placed in the Reserve Fleet Service . Hence , no right of the Sailors in active service was affected or taken away because of the Policy dated 3 - 7 - 1976 ... ” 27.It would , however , be pertinent to mention here that in T.R. Das , though the Court had specifically held that such direct Entry Artificers were not entitled to reservist pension , they were entitled for special pension , in terms of Regulation 95 of the Pension Regulations . The relevant portion of the discussion which ensued on this aspect is contained in paras 34 and 36 of the judgment in T.R. Das and these paras read as under : “ 34 . The next question is whether the Sailors appointed before 1973 were entitled to a special pension , in terms of Regulation 95 of the Pension Regulations . Indeed , this is a special provision and carves out a category of Sailors , to whom it must apply . Discretion is vested in the Central Government to grant special pension to such Sailors , who fall within the excepted category . Two broad excepted categories have been noted in Regulation 95 . Firstly , Sailors who have been discharged from their duties in pursuance of the government policy of reducing the strength of establishment of the Indian Navy ; or secondly , of reorganisation , which results in paying off of any ships or establishment . In the present case , clause ( / ) of Regulation 95 must come into play , in the backdrop of the policy decision taken by the Government as enunciated in the Notification dated 3 - 7 - 1976 . On and from that date , concededly , the Fleet Reserve Service has been discontinued . That , inevitably results in reducing the strength of the establishment of the Fleet