8 Regulations , Part Ill and the aforesaid amendments , the AFT culled out the relevant features in the form of salient points in the following manner : “ 25 . Salient points that emerge from the above Regulations , which are of relevance in this case are:- ( a ) Sailors having 10 years continuous service shall be liable , if required , for further service in Indian Fleet Reserve , subject to provisions of Regulations for Indian Fleet Reserve ( Regulation 269 ) . ( b ) When an active service rating is within six months of completion of his term of enrollment , the Commanding Officer has to inform the Registrar of Reserves whether or not he is recommended for Fleet Reserve Service and his service certificate is to be endorsed accordingly ( Regulation 11 of Fleet Reserve ) . ( c ) Qualifications have been specified for enrolment into Fleet Reserves . Joining Reserves is not a Right ( Regulations 4 and 6 of Fleet Reserves ) . ( d ) Recruiting officers are mandated to explain and make the recruits fully understand terms and conditions of service and liabilities before they are enrolled into the Navy ( Regulation 264 of Regulations for the Navy ) . ( e ) A Fleet Reservist Certificate will be issued to each person on enrolment in Fleet Reserves . 26 . It is evident from the Regulations that a Sailor after his active service has to be drafted into Fleet Reserve and it is not an automatic re - enrollment . There is no specific claim or right to join the Fleet Reserve as there are terms and conditions which have to be fulfilled by a person before he can be drafted into Fleet Reserve . It is also evident that , at the time of initial enrollment no recruit can be given any guarantee / promise of his being enrolled into Fleet Reserve as his performance in the active service and recommendations he receives would decide his eligibility for enrollment into Fleet Reserve . Therefore even prior to the promulgation of policy for discontinuance of drafting into Fleet Reserve from 1976 , Respondents 1 and 2 were clearly at liberty to decide if a Sailor is to be enrolled into Fleet Reserve or not . In view of the above , we can not agree with the submission of