19 Chakroborty v. Union of India , 2010 SCC OnLine AFT 803 ] commends to us . 29 . As aforesaid , on introducing the new policy on 3 - 7 - 1976 , the Fleet Reserve was discontinued and instead the Sailors in service at the relevant time were given an option to continue in active service for a further term of 5 years . Some of the Sailors opted to continue till completion of 15 years , who , then became eligible for “ service pension ” having qualifying service . 30 . The quintessence for grant of reservist pension , as per Regulation 92 , is completion of the prescribed Naval and Reserve qualifying service of 10 years “ each ” . Merely upon completion of 10 years of active service as a Sailor or for that matter continued beyond that period , but falling short of 15 years or qualifying Reserve Service , the Sailor concerned can not claim benefit under Regulation 92 for grant of reservist pension . For , to qualify for the reservist pension , he must be drafted to the Fleet Reserve Service for a period of 10 years . In terms of Regulation 6 of the Indian Fleet Reserve Regulations , there can be no claim to join the Fleet Reserve as a matter of right . None of the applicants were drafted to the Fleet Reserve Service after completion of their active service . Hence , the applicants before the Tribunal , could not have claimed the relief of reservist pension ... ” 26.In the absence of any such assurance of enrolment of drafting into Fleet Reserve , at the time of initial recruitment , the Principle of Promissory Estoppel can not be invoked . The Tribunal has , in this behalf , taken note of certain judgments ? of this Court and on that basis rightly concluded that mere recruitment / enrolment for active as well as reserve service without making any order of transfer to Indian Fleet Reserve under Regulation 269 of Navy Regulation Part Ill as well as Regulations of Indian Fleet Reserve , it can not be treated that any promise was accorded to the appellants about drafting into Fleet Reserve , at any 2 Motilal Padampat Sugar Mills Co. Ltd. v. State of Uttar Pradesh & Ors . ( 1979 ) 2 SCC 409 ; Bakul Cashew Co. & Ors . v. Sales Tax Officer , Quilon & Anr . ( 1986 ) 2 SCC 365