22 Luciya Hotel and the third installment was scheduled to be given on 5,12.94 . Another deal for transfer for Rocket Launch details of LPSC was finalized with Fauziya Hassan and Ahemd Pash at hotel Fort Manor during February , 1993 for a consideration of USS 1.00 lakh and that on 11.10.94 he and Sasikumaran took Fauziya from Hotel Samrat to a nearby dam and engaged in transfer of packets containing Cryogenic technology . The investigation revealed : ( xiv ) Investigation has established that the accused persons including Rasheeda , Nambi Narayanan and Chandrasekhar were harassed and physically abused . It is curious that while the IB had all the six accused persons in their custody , they recorded the statements of only Sasikumaran , Chandrashekar , Fauziya and Rasheeda and not of Nambi Narayanan and S.K .. Shanna . There is reason to believe that the interrogators forced the accused persons to make statements on suggested lines . The CBI seized the personal diary of Chandrasekhar on 9.12.94 . which contained the details of his activities almost on day to day basis . If Chandrasekhar had made truthful disclosures to the Kerala Police / IB interrogators , certainly they would have also discovered the existence of his diary which did not support case against him . He made disclosures before the CBI regarding the existence of his diary which on analysis corroborates his version ยง regarding his movements ex . Bangalore . ( xv ) On the request of CBI , Director , LPSC had constituted a Committee of experts of determine whether any documents were found to be missing . The Committee gave a report to say that only 254 documents were found to be missing which were random in nature and did not pertain to a particular system or sub system . The Committee also noted that Vikas Engine was released on the basis of the in - house drawings which were prepared after modifying the SEP drawings and all the in - house drawings were available and there was likely to be no impact of some small number of missing documents . Similarly , all the 16.800 sheets in the Fabrication Divn . where Sasikumaran was working were found to be intact .