18 4 . The local police during the course of investigation of case crime No . 225/94 had seized a Diary written in Dwivegi script from accused Mariyam Rasheeda , the contents of which indicated that she was collecting informations about certain Maldivian nationals based in Bangalore who were allegedly planning a coup against the Govt . of Maldives . It was further revealed that accused Mariyam Rasheeda along with Fauziya Hassan had stayed in Room No . 205 of Hotel Smart , Trivandrum from 17/9/94 to 20/10/94 and during this period a number of telephone calls were found to have been made from Room No . 205 to Tel . No . of D. Sasikumaran , a senior Scientist of Indian Space Research Organisation , Valiamala . Accused Mariyam Rasheeda while in Kerala Police custody in this case was interrogated by Kerala Police and officials of Intelligence Bureau . Accused Mariyam Rasheeda allegedly made a statement revealing the contacts of Fauziya Hassan and of one Zuheira , a Maldivian national settled in Colombo with Mohiyuddin state to be Pakistani national working as Assistant Manager , Habib Bank in Male and Mazhar Khan , another Pak National . She also allegedly disclosed that according to Fauziya Hassan , D. Sasikumaran was friend of Zuheria . Based on the disclosures allegedly made by accused Mariyam Rasheeda coupled with the contents of her diary and the telephone contacts with D. Sasikumaran , the instant case was registered on the suspicion that she and Fauziya Hassan along with others were taking part in activities prejudicial to the sovereignty and integrity of India . 5 . The investigation of crime No . 246/94 remained with Special Branch only for two days and on 15.11.94 , the investigation was taken over by Special Investigation was taken over by Special Investigation Team headed by Shri Siby Mathews , DIG ( Crime ) , Trivandrum . During the course of investigation , the Kerala Police / Crime branch arrested 6 accused persons on the dates as shown below : i. Fauziya Hassan - 13.11:94 il . Mariyam Fasheeda- 14.11.94 ili . D. Sasikumaran - 21.11.94