20 Zone , Kerala passed on secrets of Aeronautical Defence Establishments , Bangalore . The documents / drawings were allegedly passed on to Mohd . Aslam , a Pak nuclear scientist and Mohd . Pasha / ahmed Pasha for monetory considerations and that the amount running into lacs of US dollars was received andshared by accused Sasikumaran , Chandrasekhar , Nambi Narayanan and Shri Raman Srivastava and that Mohiyuddin , Asstt . Manager of Habib Bank , Male , was one of the persons who was financing the accused . Accused Fauziya Hassan , zuheria , a Maldivian national settled in Colomobo , Mr. Alexi Vassive of Glovkosmos , Russia , and Shri Raman srivastava , worked as conduits . Some of the important meetings which were held for espionage activities and in which the documents were allegedly passed on for a consideration , were held at International Hotel Madras on 24.5.1994 , m Bangalore in the mid September and on 23.9.94 at Hotel Luciya , Trivandrum , in which some of the accused as well as said Zuheira and Shri Raman Srivastava , IGP , took part . 11 . Immediately after taking over the investigation , by CBI , all the 6 accused persons are thoroughly interrogated , taking the statements purported to have been made by the accused before the Kerala Police / IB , to be true , but all of them denied having indulged in any espionage activity . On being confronted with the statements made by them before Kerala Police as well as IB officials , the accused took the plea that the statements were made on the suggested lines under duress . Though there was no complaint either from ISRO or fromDE Bangalore about the loss of any documents , the alleged revelations of the accused made _ before local Police / Intelligence officials were taken at their face value and focused investigation was carried out to find out the details and purposes of various visits of accused Mariyam Rasheeda and Fauziya Hassan to India , their places of stay were verified , the persons , including accused , , with whom they came in contact were examined and efforts are made to gather oral as well as documentary evidence to find out whether the accused have committed any acts which were prejudicial to the sovereignty , integrity and security of the State and violative of the Official Secrets Act , 1923