CRIMINAL APPEAL NO . 597 OF 2018 taken exception to the marriage of the respondent No . 9 herein with the appellant . It felt perturbed . As we see , there was nothing to be taken exception to . Initially , Hadiya had declined to go with her father and expressed her desire to stay with the respondent No . 7 before the High Court and in the first writ it had so directed . The adamantine attitude of the father , possibly impelled by obsessive parental love , compelled him to knock at the doors of the High Court in another Habeas Corpus petition whereupon the High Court directed the production of Hadiya who appeared on the given date along with the appellant herein whom the High Court calls a _ stranger . But Hadiya would insist that she had entered into marriage with him . True it is , she had gone with the respondent No . 7 before the High Court but that does not mean and can never mean that she , as a major , could not enter into a marital relationship . But , the High Court unwarrantably took exception to the _ same forgetting that parental love or concern can not be allowed to fluster the right of choice of an adult in choosing a man to whom she gets married . And , that is where the error has crept in . The High Court should have , after an interaction as _ regards her choice , directed that she was free to go where she wished to . ” The Court also emphasised due importance to the right of choice of an adult person which the Constitution accords to an adult person as under : “ 54 . It is obligatory to state here that expression of choice in accord with law is acceptance of individual identity . Curtailment of that expression and the ultimate action emanating therefrom on the conceptual structuralism of obeisance to the societal will destroy the individualistic entity of a person . The social values and morals have their space but they are not above the constitutionally guaranteed freedom . The said freedom is both a constitutional and a human right . Deprivation of that freedom which is ingrained in choice on the plea of faith is impermissible . Faith of a person is intrinsic to his / her meaningful existence . To have the freedom of faith is essential to his / her automony ; and it strengthens the core norms of the Constitution . Choosing a faith is the substratum of individuality and sans it , the right of choice becomes a shadow . It