CRIMINAL APPEAL NO . 597 OF 2018 has to be remembered that the realization of a right is more important than the conferment of the right . Such actualization indeed ostracises any kind of societal notoriety and keeps at bay the patriarchal supremacy . It is so because the individualistic faith and expression of choice are fundamental for the fructification of the right . Thus , we would like to call it indispensable preliminary condition . 55 . Non - acceptance of her choice would simply mean creating discomfort to the constitutional right by a Constitutional Court which is meant to be the protector of fundamental rights . Such a _ situation can not remotely be conceived . The duty of the Court is to uphold the right and not to abridge the sphere of the right unless there is a valid authority of law . Sans lawful sanction , the centripodal value of liberty should allow an individual to write his / her script . The individual signature is the insignia of the concept . We also reproduce the following discussion from the concurring judgment rendered by Dr. Justice D.Y. Chandrachud in the said case : “ 81 . In a more recent decision of a three Judge Bench in Soni Gerry v. Gerry Douglas ’ , this Court dealt with a case where the daughter of the appellant and respondent , who was a major had expressed a desire to reside in Kuwait , where she was'- pursuing ’ her education , with her father . This Court observed thus : “ 9 .... She has , without any hesitation , clearly stated that she intends to go back to Kuwait to pursue her career . In such a situation , we are of the considered opinion that as a major , she is entitled to exercise her choice and freedom and the Court can not get into the aspect whether she has been forced by the father or not . There may be ample reasons on her behalf to go back to her father in Kuwait , but we are not concerned with her reasons . What she has stated before the Court , that alone matters and that is the heart of the reasoning for this Court , which keeps all controversies at bay . 10 . It needs no special emphasis to state that attaining the age of majority in an individual ’s life has its own significance . She / He is entitled