“ 8 . We can not also ignore the fact that the appellant was a rickshaw - puller and a migrant in Chandigarh with the attendant psychological and economic pressures that so often overtake and overwhelm such persons . Village Kishangarh is a part of the Union Territory of Chandigarh and at a stone 's throw from its elite sectors that house the Governors of Punjab and Haryana , the Golf Club , and some of the city 's most important and opulent citizens . It goes without saying that most such neighbourhoods are often the most unfriendly and indifferent to each others ' needs . Little wonder his frustrations apparently came to the fore leading to the horrendous incident . ” ( Emphasis supplied by us ) . 24 . Finally , in Mahesh Dhanaji Shinde v. State of Maharashtra ' ® it was noted that the convicts were living in acute poverty . However , their conduct in jail was heartening inasmuch as they had educated themselves and has shown that if given a second chance , they could live a meaningful and constructive life . This Court noted as follows : “ 38 . At the same time , all the four accused were young in age at the time of commission of the offence i.e. 23 - 29 years . They belong to the economically , socially and educationally deprived section of the population . They were living in acute poverty . It is possible that , being young , they had a yearning for quick money and it is these circumstances that had led to the commission of the crimes in question . Materials have been laid before this Court to show that while in custody all the accused had enrolled themselves in Yashwantrao Chavan Maharashtra Open University and had either completed the BA examination or are on the verge of acquiring the degree ........ There is no material or information to show any condemnable or reprehensible conduct on the part of any of the appellants during their period of custody . All the circumstances point to the possibility of the appellant - accused being reformed and living a meaningful and constructive life if they are to be given a second chance ....... ( Emphasis supplied by us ) . 10 ( 2014 ) 4 SCC 292 R.P. ( Crl . ) No.245 of 2010 in Crl . Appeal No . 811 of 2009 Page 14 of 19