30.4 . The court should presume the correctness of the key answers and proceed on that assumption ; and 30.5 . In the event of a doubt , the benefit should go to the examination authority rather than to the candidate . ” We may also refer to the following observations in Paras 31 and 32 which show why the Constitutional Courts must exercise restraint in such matters : “ 31 . On our part we may add that sympathy or compassion does not play any role in the matter of directing or not directing re - evaluation of an answer sheet . If an error is committed by the examination authority , the complete body of candidates suffers . The entire examination process does not deserve to be derailed only because some candidates are disappointed or dissatisfied or perceive some injustice having been caused to them by an erroneous question or an erroneous answer . All candidates suffer equally , though some might suffer more but that can not be helped since mathematical precision is not always possible . This Court has shown one way out of an impasse — exclude the suspect or offending question . 32 . It is rather unfortunate that despite several decisions of this Court , some of which have been discussed above , there is interference by the courts in the result of examinations . This places the examination authorities in an unenviable position where they are under scrutiny and not the candidates . Additionally , a massive and sometimes prolonged examination exercise concludes with an air of uncertainty . While there is no doubt that candidates put in a tremendous effort in preparing for an examination , it must not be forgotten that even the examination authorities put in equally great efforts to successfully conduct an examination . The enormity of the task might reveal some lapse at a later stage , but the court must consider the internal checks and balances put in place by the examination authorities before interfering with the efforts put in by the candidates who have successfully participated in the examination and the examination authorities . The present appeals are a classic example of the consequence of such interference where there is no finality to the result of the examinations even after a lapse of eight years . Apart from the examination authorities even the candidates are left wondering about the certainty or otherwise of the result of the examination — whether they have passed or not ;