“ 57 . The 1925 Act in this case has nothing to do with the law of inheritance or succession which is otherwise governed by statutory laws or the custom , as the case may be . It makes detailed provisions as to how and in what manner an application for grant of probate is to be filed , considered and granted or refused . Rights and obligations of the parties as also the executors and administrators appointed by the court are laid down therein . Removal of the existing executors and administrators and appointment of subsequent executors are within the exclusive domain of the court . The jurisdiction of the Probate Court is limited being confined only to consider the genuineness of the will . A question of title arising under the Act can not be gone into the ( sic probate ) proceedings . Construction of a will relating to the right , title and interest of any other person is beyond the domain of the Probate Court . ( Emphasis by us )    eee coe cee eee coe coe 66 . We may , however , at the outset , notice a decision of this Court in Elizabeth Antony v. Michel Charles John Chown Lengera ( 1990 ) 3 SCC 333 which is binding on us . Therein , the testatrix viz . one Mary Aline Browne , was the wife of one Herbet Evander Browne , the eldest son of John Browne . Mary died on 28 - 3 - 1972 . She had executed a will on 12 - 3 - 1962 . An application for grant of a letter of administration with a copy of the will annexed was filed by Michel . Petitioner Elizabeth Antony and her husband Zoe Enid Browne filed caveats on the plea that the said will was a forged document . The petitioner therein also claimed that her daughter Browne had executed a will on 23 - 6 - 1975 and she had executed a deed of gift in favour of the petitioner . She also claimed herself to be a trustee of John Browne Trust . The Probate Court held that they had no caveatable interest . Caveatable interest , therefore , was claimed as an executor and legatee of the will executed by Zoe Enid Browne as also a deed of gift in respect of one item of the estate executed in their favour . Caveatable interest was also claimed on the premise that the petitioner was appointed a trustee of John Browne Trust . This Court noticed a large number of High 12