8 accused should be given a real and effective opportunity to place his antecedents , social and economic background , etc. before the court , for the court to take a fair decision on sentence as otherwise the sentence would be vulnerable . 51 . The Court therefore opined : ( Allauddin Mian case [ ( 1989 ) 3 SCC 5 : 1989 SCC ( Cri ) 490 ] , SCC p. 21 , para 10 ) “ 10 . ... We think as a general rule the trial courts should after recording the conviction adjourn the matter to a future date and call upon both the prosecution as well as the defence to place the relevant material bearing on the question of sentence before it and thereafter pronounce the sentence to be imposed on the offender . ” 52 . Therefore , it is clear from the purpose of Section 235 ( 2 ) as explained in the aforesaid cases , that the object of hearing under Section 235 ( 2 ) being intrinsically and inherently connected with the sentencing procedure , the provision of Section 354 ( 3 ) which calls for recording of special reason for awarding death sentence must be read conjointly with Section 235 ( 2 ) of the 1973 Code . This Court is of the opinion that special reasons can only be validly recorded if an effective opportunity of hearing as contemplated under Section 235 ( 2 ) CrPC is genuinely extended and is allowed to be exercised by the accused who stands convicted and is awaiting the sentence . These two provisions do not stand in isolation but must be construed as supplementing each other as ensuring the constitutional guarantee of a just , fair and reasonable procedure in the exercise of sentencing discretion by the court . 53 . These changes in the sentencing structure reflect the “ evolving standards of decency ” that mark the progress of a maturing democracy and which is in accord with the concept of dignity of the individual — one of the core values in our Preamble to the Constitution . In a way these changes signify a paradigm shift in our jurisprudence with the gradual transition of our legal regime from “ the rule of law ” to the “ due process of law ’ , to which this Court would advert to in the latter part of the judgment . " 11 . When it comes to providing hearing in cases where the judicial mind is to be applied in choosing the sentence between life imprisonment and death , this requirement assumes greater importance . It has been held