8 action taken in accordance with law . However , investigation by the Vigilance department is from the angle of vigilance . The aim is to detect corruption . The power of the Vigilance Commission to investigate would not extend to an enquiry into the modus operandi of the gutkha mafia , the mode and manner of import from other States , distribution and sale of gutkha and other chewable forms of tobacco , and detection of the sources of supply . Enquiry by the Vigilance Department would not unearth secret storage and manufacturing units . Nor would such investigation be able to detect incidents of illegal import , supply and sale or nab those actually manufacturing , supplying , importing , selling or otherwise dealing with prohibited food items containing tobacco and nicotine such as gutkha . 142 . Investigation by a centralized agency like the CBI would be more comprehensive and cover all aspects of the illegal manufacture , import , supply , distribution and sale of banned chewable tobacco items , including the detection of all those involved in such illegal import , manufacture , supply , distribution and sale , as also the detection of corruption and complicity of public servants and/or government servants in this regard . As observed above , there is no conflict between CBI investigation and investigation by the State machinery . Investigation can be carried out more effectively with the CBI and the Vigilance Department working in cooperation . 143 . The underground gutkha business is a crime against society which needs to be curbed . We , therefore , deem it appropriate to direct the CBI to investigate into all aspects of the offence of illegal manufacture , import , supply , distribution and sale of gutkha and other forms of chewable tobacco which are banned in the State of Tamil Nadu and the Union Territory of Puducherry , including detection of and action against those involved in the offence as aforesaid , whether directly or indirectly , by aiding abetting the offence or interfering with attempts to curb the offence . 144 . This order is , in our view , not only imperative to stop the menace of the surreptitious sale of gutkha and chewable forms of tobacco which pose a health hazard to people in general and in particular the youth and to punish the guilty , but also to instill faith of the people in the fairness and impartiality of the investigation . We see no reason for the