9 . The Delhi High Court , in Vijay Kumar v. State ( Govt . of NCT of Delhi ) ! 5 , laid down useful directions for the conduct of criminal trials . The directions are commendable , and relevant excerpts are reproduced hereinbelow : “ 42 ... ( vi ) . Since the expectation of law is that the trial , once it commences , would continue from day-to-day till it is concluded , it is desirable that , keeping in mind the possible time required for recording of evidence ( particularly of the prosecution ) , a detailed schedule of the dates of hearing on which evidence would be recorded is drawn up immediately after charge is framed — this , taking into account not only the calendar of the court but also the atime required by the prosecution to muster and secure the presence of its witnesses as well as the convenience of the defence counsel . Once such a schedule has been drawn up , all sides would be duty bound to adhere to it scrupulously . ( vii ) . While drawing up the schedule of dates for recording of the evidence for the prosecution , as indicated above , the presiding judge would take advice from the prosecution as to the order in which it would like to examine its witnesses , clubbing witnesses pertaining to the same facts or events together , for the same set of dates . ( viii ) . If the defence intends to invoke the jurisdiction of the criminal court to exercise the discretion for deferment of cross-examination of particular witness ( es ) in terms of Section 231 ( 2 ) , or Section 242 ( 3 ) Cr . PC , it must inform the presiding judge at the stage of setting the schedule so that the order in which the witnesses are to be called can be appropriately determined , facilitating short deferment for cross-examination ( when necessary ) so that the recording of evidence continues , from day-to-day , unhindered avoiding prolonged adjournments as are often seen to be misused to unduly influence or intimidate the witnesses . ( ix ) . It is the bounden duty of the presiding judge of the criminal court to take appropriate measures , if the situation so demands , to insulate the witnesses from undue influence or intimidatory tactics or harassment . If the court has permitted deferment in terms of ground of alleged prejudice to be caused in every matter . But the same can not be allowed _ by the Court . As aforementioned , the defence of the accused will not be prejudiced at all as the examination-in-chief of the witnesses generally will proceed based on either the statement recorded under Section 161 of Cr.P.C . or based on mahazar , etc. ” ( Emphasis supplied ) 13 W.P. ( Crl . ) No. 1350 of 2017 and Crl . M.A. No. 7450 of 2017 ; decided on July 3 , 2017 by the High Court of Delhi : 2017 Cri LJ 3875 . 11