69 Convention on the Harmonized Commodity Description and Coding System ( Harmonized System of Nomenclature ) with necessary modifications . HSN contains a list of all the possible goods that are traded ( including animals , human , hair , etc . ) and as such the mention of an item has got nothing to do whether it is manufactured and taxable or not " 54 . HSN Explanatory Notes provide a commentary on the scope of each heading , giving a list of the main products included and excluded , together with technical description of the goods concerned ( their appearance , properties , method of production and uses ) and practical guidance for their identification . The Explanatory Notes also clarify the scope of particular sub - headings wherever appropriate . However , HSN or the Explanatory Notes thereon can not supersede the relevant notes contained in the Tariff Schedule . They can be relied upon as a safe guide in cases of doubt . 55 . In the case in hand , we are concerned with classification of goods ‘ Coconut Oil ' between two Chapters both falling within first Schedule to Central Excise Tariff Act , 1985 . For proper appreciation , we may usefully refer to the relevant HSN Explanatory Notes relating to Chapter 33 and Chapter 33 of CETA Tariff Notes :      HSN Explanatory Notes CETA Tariff Notes Chapter 33 Chapter 33 Essential Oils and Resinoids ; Essential Oils and Resinoids , Perfumery , Cosmetic or Toilet Preparations Perfumery , Cosmetic or Toilet Preparations Chapter Notes : 3 . Heading 33.03 to 33.07 apply , inter alia , tO | sessseenneensneee products , whether or not mixed ( other than aqueous distillates and aqueous solutions of essential oils ) , suitable for use as goods of these headings and put up in packings of a kind sold by retail for such use . 3 . Heading 3303 to 3307 apply , inter alia , to products , whether or not mixed ( other than aqueous distillates and aqueous solutions of essential oils ) , suitable for use as goods of these headings and put up in packings of a kind sold by retails for such use . General    Headings 33.03 to 33.07 include products , whether or not mixed ( other than aqueous distillates and aqueous solutions of essential oils ) , suitable for use