58 the goods is determinate on the harmonious construction of headings , relative Chapter Notes and Section Notes and the main Rule 1 of the Interpretative Rules . Classification of the impugned goods is primarily based on the Headings , relative Chapter Notes and Section Notes which are paramount in this regard as per Rule 1 of the Interpretative Rules . 33 . Rule 3 provides for classification in case goods are classifiable under two or more headings . For proper appreciation , at the risk of repetition , it is necessary to refer to Rule 3 of the Interpretative Rules which reads as under : 3 . When by application of sub - rule ( b ) of rule 2 or for any other reason , goods are , prima facie , classifiable under two or more headings , classification shall be effected as follows : ( a ) the heading which provide the most specific description shall be preferred to headings providing a more general description . However , when two or more headings each refer to part only of the materials or substances contained in mixed or composite goods or to part only of the items in a set , those headings are to be regarded as equally specific in relation to those goods , even if one of them gives a more complete or precise description of the goods . ( b ) Mixtures , composite goods consisting of different materials or made up of different components , and goods put up in sets , which can not be classified by reference to ( a ) , shall be classified as if they consisted of the material or component which gives them their essential character , insofar as this criterion is applicable . ( c ) | When goods can not be classified by reference to ( a ) or ( b ) , they shall be classified under the heading which occurs last in the numerical order among those which equally merit consideration . Rule 3(b ) provides the manner of classification of mixtures , composite goods consisting of different materials or made up of different components and goods put up in sets for retail sale . As ‘ Coconut Oil ' is not mixed or composite goods , Rule 3(b ) does not have application . Rule 3(a ) states that the most specific description will be preferred over the more general one . In the present case , when item description is read with the Chapter