63 of the impugned goods , it is necessary to point out as to how ‘ Coconut Oil ' is understood and treated in the market . 42 . \n Jain Exports Pvt . Ltd. v. Union of India 1987 ( 29 ) ELT 753 Del , the High Court of Delhi dealt with the use of ‘ Coconut Oil ' and in the context of importability of ‘ Coconut Oil ’ , held as under : " 25 . .... it is well known that the coconut oil is not at all used as an edible oil in a very large part of our country . Almost all the parts of India up to Vindhyas do not use coconut oil as edible medium . Even in rest of the country though itis in use extensively in some very small part . its use in most of the other part is small average . So ordinarily if a person was to go to the market and ask for coconut oil , the normal question he would be asked will be whether he needs it as hair oil or shampoo . No one normally will understand coconut oil to_mean only edible variety because such is not the normal major use . A person would have to specifically clarify that by asking for coconut oil he is asking for edible variety in order to make his intention clear . Thus by itself and in ordinary parlance coconut oil in the import policy would be understood to include both edible variety and industrial variety of coconut oil . If only one variety of coconut oil was meant to be covered , it would be more consistent to hold that it is industrial variety considering the overwhelming use of coconut oil for non - edible purpose . But an entry would never be restricted only to edible variety of coconut oil ...... " . [ Underlining added ]    Though the above observation is in the context of importability of ‘ Coconut Oil ’ , the factum of overwhelming use of ‘ Coconut Oil ' and as to coconut oil is normally understood as ‘ Hair Oil ’ can not be ignored . It is a matter of common knowledge that in many parts of the country ‘ Coconut Oil ’ is widely used as ‘ Hair Oil ' and not generally used as edible oil ; it is so used as edible oil only in few areas of the country . No one will normally understand ‘ Coconut Oil ’ to mean only as edible oil because such is not the major use of ‘ edible oil ’ . The moment we held that the impugned goodscoconut oil is suitable for use as ‘ Hair Oil ' as discussed infra , it has to be classified only under Chapter 33 . 43 . As pointed out earlier , Revenue relies upon number of materials that