40 classification of the goods : e Rule 1 of the General Rules for the Interpretation of the First Schedule ¢ Chapter Note 1(e ) to Chapter 15 ¢ Section Note 2 to Section VI ( after amendment w.e.f . 28.02.2005 ) ¢ Chapter Note 3 to Chapter 33 ( after amendment w.e.f . 28.02.2005 ) As discussed infra , cumulative construction of the above would lead to the conclusion that " /f the impugned goods are classifiable under Tariff Item 3305 90 19 , then the impugned goods are automatically excluded from classification under Tariff Item 1513 11 00 ( or ) 1513 19 00 " . 7 . The Tariff itself has provided five rules for the interpretation . The First Rule of the General Rules for the Interpretation of the First Schedule , is generally referred to as the cardinal principle for classification . If the classification can be done from the Heading , Section or Chapter Notes , the rules of interpretation need not be resorted to . Interpretative rules are applicable only where the classification of a product can not be determined in accordance with the Headings or relative Sections or Chapter Notes . The First Schedule - Excise Tariff Rules for the interpretation of this Schedule , reads as under : " 1 . The titles of Sections and Chapters are provided for ease of reference only ; for legal purposes , classification shall be determined according to the terms of the headings and any relative Section or Chapter Notes and , provided such headings or Notes do not otherwise require , according to the provisions hereinafter contained . 2.(a ) Any reference in a heading to goods shall be taken to include a reference to those goods incomplete or unfinished , provided that , the incomplete or unfinished goods have the essential character of the complete or finished goods . It shall also be taken to include a reference to those goods complete or finished ( or falling to be classified as complete or finished by virtue of this rule ) , removed unassembled or disassembled . ( b ) Any reference in a heading to a material or substance shall be taken to include a reference to mixtures or combinations of that material or substance with other materials or substances . Any reference to goods of a given material or substance shall be taken to include a reference to goods