41 consisting wholly or partly of such material or substance . The classification of goods consisting of more than one material or substance shall be according to the principles contained in rule 3 . 3 . When by application of sub - rule ( b ) of rule 2 or for any other reason , goods are , prima facie , classifiable under two or more headings , classification shall be effected as follows : ( a ) the heading which provide the most specific description shall be preferred to headings providing a more general description . However , when two or more headings each refer to part only of the materials or substances contained in mixed or composite goods or to part only of the items in a set , those headings are to be regarded as equally specific in relation to those goods , even if one of them gives a more complete or precise description of the goods . ( b ) Mixtures , composite goods consisting of different materials or made up of different components , and goods put up in sets , which can not be classified by reference to ( a ) , shall be classified as if they consisted of the material or component which gives them their essential character , insofar as this criterion is applicable . © When goods can not be classified by reference to ( a ) or ( b ) , they shall be classified under the heading which occurs last in the numerical order among those which equally merit consideration . 4 . Goods which can not be classified in accordance with the above rules shall be classified under the heading appropriate to the goods to which they are most akin . The First Rule has two components , namely : i. The titles of Sections , Chapters and Sub - Chapters are provided for ease of reference only ; ii . for legal purposes , classification shall be determined according to the terms of the Headings and any relative Section or Chapter Notes and , provided such Headings or Chapter Notes do not otherwise require , according to the provisions thereinafter contained . Classification demands the following conditions to be taken consideration : i. Classification shall be done according to the terms of the Headings , and li . According to any relative Section or Chapter Notes , and ili . Provided such Headings or Chapter Notes do not otherwise require according to the provisions contained thereon that is Rules 2 to 6 The classification of goods will be as per the point ( ii ) as per which , the into It is clear from the above that:- ( i ) the Heading and ( ii ) relative Section or Chapter Notes must be considered before classification is done . Only if after this exercise is done , a conflict in classification still persists , then the other rules for Interpretation may be resorted to ( iii ) .