73 2 to Section VI : " ( a ) having regard to the manner in which they are put up , clearly identifiable as being intended to be used together without first being repacked ; ( b ) presented together ; and ( c ) identifiable , whether by their nature or by the relative proportions in which they are present , as _ being complementary one to another . " It is clear from the above , that the HSN General Explanatory Notes to Section VI are to an extent in conflict with the Notes contained in Tariff Schedule to the Central Excise Tariff Act , 1985 . Therefore , the Notes contained in the Central Excise Tariff Act shall prevail over the Notes contained in HSN . 59 . In Collector of Central Excise , Shillong v. Woods Craft Product Ltd. ( 1995 ) 3 SCC 454 , this Court held HSN is a safe guide for interpretation and entitled to great consideration . The relevant portion of the said judgment is as under : " 12 . It is significant , as expressly stated , in the Statement of Objects and Reasons , that the Central excise tariffs are based on the HSN and the internationally accepted nomenclature was taken into account to “ reduce disputes on account of tariff classification ” . Accordingly , for resolving any dispute relating to tariff classification , a safe guide is the internationally accepted nomenclature emerging from the HSN . This being the expressly acknowledged basis of the structure of Central excise tariff in the Act and the tariff classification made therein , in case of any doubt the HSN is a safe guide for ascertaining the true meaning of any expression used in the Act . The ISI Glossary of Terms has a different purpose and , therefore , the specific purpose of tariff classification for which the internationally accepted nomenclature in HSN has been adopted , for enacting the Central Excise Tariff Act , 1985 , must be preferred , in case of any difference between the meaning of the expression given in the HSN and the meaning of that term given in the Glossary of Terms of the ISI . "