65 have used an ordinary term as coal according to the meaning ascribed to it in common parlance . In Commissioner of Sales Tax , Madhya Pradesh , Indore v. Jaswant Singh Charan Singh , AIR 1967 SC 1454 , it was held as under : " 5 . The result emerging from these decisions is that while construing the word “ coal ” in Entry | of Part Ill of Schedule II , the test that would be applied is what would be the meaning which persons dealing with coal and consumers purchasing it as fuel would give to that word . A sales tax statute is being one levying a tax on goods must in the absence of a technical term or a term of science or art , be presumed to have used an ordinary term as coal according to the meaning ascribed to it in common parlance . Viewed from that angle both a merchant dealing in coal and a consumer wanting to purchase it would regard coal not in its geological sense but in the sense as ordinarily understood and would include “ charcoal ” in the term “ coal ” . It is only when the question of the kind or variety of coal would arise that a distinction would be made between coal and charcoal ; otherwise , both of them would in ordinary parlance as also in their commercial sense be spoken as coal . " 47 . After referring to various judgments on the point of common parlance test , in Commissioner of Central Excise , New Delhi v. Connaught Plaza Restaurant Private Ltd. , New Delhi ( 2012 ) 13 SCC 639 , it was held as under : " 33 . Therefore , what flows from a reading of the aforementioned decisions is that in the absence of a statutory definition in precise terms ; words , entries and items in taxing statutes must be construed in terms of their commercial or trade understanding , or according to their popular meaning . In other words they have to be constructed in the sense that the people conversant with the subject - matter of the statute , would attribute to it . Resort to rigid interpretation in terms of scientific and technical meanings should be avoided in such circumstances . This , however , is by no means an absolute rule . When the legislature has expressed a contrary intention , such as by providing a statutory definition of the particular entry , word or item in specific , scientific or technical terms , then , interpretation ought to be in accordance with the scientific and technical meaning and not according to common parlance understanding . " 48 . In the case of Alpine Industries v. Collector of Central Excise , New Delhi ( 2003 ) 3 SCC 111 , the question was whether " Lip Salve " could be