56 ‘ Hair Oil ’ , it has to be classified as ‘ Hair Oil ' under Chapter 33 . 30 . Government of India , Trade Mark Registry and Public search result indicate that Trademark No.1033842 Class-3-Parachute is associated with Hair Oil , Hair lotions etc . Registration of the trademark of the ‘ Parachute ’ brand is for selling items like hair oil , hair lotion , hair growing preparation , hair tonics etc . The Tribunal held that the aspect of label identified with the hair oil does not advance the case of Revenue for classification of ‘ Coconut Oil ’ as ‘ Hair Oil ’ since the allegation that job workers used green colour labels for marketing hair oil was absent in the Show Cause Notice . Relevant portion of the order of the Tribunal is as under : 9 scx Moreover , the material allegation of Marico that its job workers used green coloured labels for marketing hair oil exclusively was absent in the show - cause notice . Marico had never marketed any product under the orange label and all along marketed its entire range of products using the green label only . We find that in the absence of any label which could be identified with a hair oil , this aspect of the label does not advance the Revenue 's case for classification of the coconut oil as hair oil . Use of a trademark or a label has no bearing on classification . " The Tribunal is not right in saying that the Show Cause Notice issued to the respondent - M / s . Moreshwar and other job workers was absent on using green coloured labels for marketing hair oil exclusively . Para ( 3.4.2 ) of the Show Cause Notice refers to Screen - printing as under : " ..... HDPE granules and master batch in the required ratio is mixed and fed into the mould and blue colour container is obtained . Runners and raisers are removed and the container is examined and if it is not fit , the same is sent for grinding . The fit container is sent to heating and then screen - printing with blue , green and white colour printing ink for printing the trademark and logo and other details as required by Marico Ltd ..... "[Underlining added ] That apart para ( 3.4.5)(4.1 ) of the Show Cause Notice contains scanned