55 various materials as to how consumers and others engaged in the trade understood " Parachute " for ‘ Nature Care for Hair ’ including the registration of Trademark No.1033842 Class-3-Parachute associated with Hair Oil . Contention of Revenue is that the market identity of the subject goodscoconut oil is ‘ Hair Oil ’ and not as ‘ Edible Grade Oil ’ . The Revenue has also referred to the website of ‘ Parachute ’ ( vide Order - in - Original No.06/2008-(C ) dated 28.02.2008 ) where ‘ Parachute ’ is described as ‘ Hair Oil ' and the same reads as under : " Nature Care Division ( 55 % of turnover ) : Parachute was the first branded coconut oil in the Indian market and has become a generic name for coconut oil used for hair application . It currently has a 52 % market share in the branded coconut oil market . About 50 % of Marico 's turnover is contributed by the Parachute brand alone . To build upon and strengthen the strong association between coconut and Parachute brand , Marico has set up a Research Centre to develop new coconut based products . Over the years , the company has launched several brand extensions such as ‘ Parachute Jasmine ’ , ‘ Parachute Dandruff Solution ’ , etc ..... " 29 . An argument was advanced by the respondent / assessee that the packings / containers do not contain any label / indication to the effect that the subject goods are used on the hair . The contention that the packings contain description as ‘ Edible Oil ' and that there was no indication on the packing that it is ‘ Hair Oil ’ is of no significance . After the amendment , there is no necessity that the packings / containers should bear label to the effect that the goods are used on the hair . As per Note 3 to Chapter 33 , any product " suitable for use as goods in these headings and that put up in packings of a kind sold by retail for such use " , has to be classified as ‘ Hair Oil ’ under Chapter 33 . So long as the product is suitable for use as ‘ Hair Oil ’ and if it is packed in such a way that it is useable for the purposes of