( a ) Natural oleoresins or vegetable extracts of heading No.13.01 ; ( b ) Soap or other products of heading 34.01 ; ( c ) Gum , wood or sulphate turpentine or other products of Chapter 38 ; or ( d ) Perfumery , cosmetics and toilet preparations containing alcohol or opium , Indian hemp or other narcotics and for this purpose , these expressions have the meanings respectively assigned to them in Section 2 of the Medicinal and Toilet Preparations ( Excise Duties ) Act , 1955 ( 16 of 1955 ) , 2 . Heading Nos.33.03 to 33.07 apply , inter alia , to products , whether or not mixed ( other than aqueous distilltes and aqueous solutions of essential oils ) , suitable for use as goods of these headings and put up in packings with labels , literature or other indications that they are for use as cosmetics or toilet preparations or put up in a form clearly specialised to such use and includes products whether or not they contain subsidiary pharmaceutical or antiseptic constituents , or are held out as having subsidiary curative or prophylactic value . 3 . The ‘ perfumery , cosmetic or toilet preparations ’ in heading No.33.07 applies , inter alia , to the following products : scented sachets ; perfumed papers and papers impregnated or coated with cosmetics ; contact lens or artificial eye solutions ; wadding , felt and nonwovens , impregnated , coated or covered with perfume or cosmetics ; animal toilet preparations . 4 . In relation to products of heading Nos.33.03 , 33.04 and 33.05 , conversion of powder into tablets , labelling or relabelling of containers intended for consumers or repacking from bulk packs to retail packs or the adoption of any other treatment to render the products marketable to the consumer , shall be construed as ‘ manufacture ’ 5 . Heading No.33.04 applies , inter alia , to the following products : beauty creams , vanishing creams , cold creams , make - up creams , cleansing creams , skinfoods , skin tonics , face powders , baby powders , toilet powders , talcum powders and grease paints , lipsticks , eye shadow and eyebrow pencils , nail polishes and varnishes , cuticle removers and _ other preparations for use in manicure or chiropody and barrier creams to give protection against skin irritants . 6 . Heading No.33.05 applies , inter alia , to the following products ; brilliantines , perfumed hair oils , hair lotions , pomades and creams , hair dyes ( in whatever form ) , shampoos , whether or not containing soap or organic surface active agents . ts The expression “ odoriferous substances ” in heading 33.02 refers only to the substances of heading No.33.01 to odoriferous constituents isolated from those substances or to synthetic aromatics .