23 for Interpretation and the Chapter Notes relied upon by the Revenue . “ [ THE FIRST SCHEDULE ] - EXCISE TARIFF RULES FOR THE INTERPRETATION OF THIS SCHEDULE 1 . The titles of Sections and Chapters are provided for ease of reference only ; for legal purposes , classification shall be determined according to the terms of the headings and any relative Section or Chapter Notes and , provided such headings or Notes do not otherwise require , according to the provisions hereinafter contained . 2 . ( a ) Any reference in a heading to goods shall be taken to include a reference to those goods incomplete or unfinished , provided that , the incomplete or unfinished goods have the essential character of the complete or finished goods . It shall also be taken to include a reference to those goods complete or finished ( or falling to be classified as complete or finished by virtue of this rule ) , removed unassembled or disassembled . ( b ) Any reference in a heading to a material or substance shall be taken to include a reference to mixtures or combinations of that material or substance with other materials or substances . Any reference to goods of a given material or substance shall be taken to include a reference to goods consisting wholly or partly of such material or substance . The classification of goods consisting of more than one material or substance shall be according to the principles contained in Rule 3 . 3 . When by application of sub - rule ( b ) of rule 2 or for any other reason , goods are , prima facie , classifiable under two or more headings , classification shall be effected as follows : ( a ) The heading which provides the most specific description shall be preferred to headings providing a more general description . However , when two or more headings each refer to part only of the materials or substances contained in mixed or composite goods or to part only of the items in a set sale , those headings are to be regarded as equally specific in relation to those goods , even if one of them gives a more complete or precise description of the goods . ( b ) mixtures , composite goods consisting of different materials or made up of different components , and goods put up in sets for retail sale , which can not be classified by reference to ( a ) , shall be classified as if they consisted of the material or component which gives them their essential character , insofar as this criterion is applicable . ( c ) when goods can not be classified by reference to ( a ) or ( b ) , they shall be classified under the heading which occurs last in numerical order among those which equally merit consideration . 4 . Goods which can not be classified in accordance with the above rules shall be classified under the heading appropriate to the goods to which they are most akin . 5 . For legal purposes , the classification of goods in the sub - headings of a heading shall be determined according to the terms of those subheadings and any related sub - heading Notes and , mutatis mutandis , to the above rules , on the understanding that only sub - headings at the same level are comparable . For the purposes of this rule the relative Section and Chapter Notes also apply , unless the context otherwise