purchasers/customers of both the trade marks was entirely different . The Deputy Registrar noted that the issues involved in these proceedings were based on Sections ’ 9 , 11 and 18 of the Act . As per Section 9 , the generic words can not be registered as trade mark unless they have acquired distinctiveness and are 1 S. 9 . Absolute grounds for refusal of registration . — ( 1 ) The trade marks — ( a ) which are devoid of any distinctive character , that is to say , not capable of distinguishing the goods or services of one person from those of another person ; ( b ) which consist exclusively of marks or indications which may serve in trade to designate the kind , quality , quantity , intended purpose , values , geographical origin or the time of production of the goods or rendering of the service or other characteristics of the goods or service ; ( c ) which consist exclusively of marks or indications which have become customary in the current language or in the bona fide and established practices of the trade , shall not be registered : Provided that a trade mark shall not be refused registration if before the date of application for registration it has acquired a distinctive character as a result of the use made of it or is a well-known trade mark . ( 2 ) Amark shall not be registered as a trade mark if — ( a ) it is of such nature as to deceive the public or cause confusion ; ( b ) it contains or comprises of any matter likely to hurt the religious susceptibilities of any class or section of the citizens of India ; ( c ) it comprises or contains scandalous or obscene matter ; ( d ) its use is prohibited under the Emblems and Names ( Prevention of Improper Use ) Act , 1950 ( 12 of 1950 ) . ( 3 ) Amark shall not be registered as a trade mark if it consists exclusively of — ( a ) the shape of goods which results from the nature of the goods themselves ; or ( b ) the shape of goods which is necessary to obtain a technical result ; or ( c ) the shape which gives substantial value to the goods . Explanation . — For the purposes of this section , the nature of goods or services in relation to which the trade mark is used or proposed to be used shall not be a ground for refusal of registration . S. 11 Relative grounds for refusal of registration — ( 1 ) Save as provided in section 12 , a trade mark shall not be registered if , because of — ( a ) its identity with an earlier trade mark and similarity of goods or services covered by the trade mark ; or ( b ) its similarity to an earlier trade mark and the identity or similarity of the goods or services covered by the trade mark , there exists a likelihood of confusion on the part of the public , which includes the likelihood of association with the earlier trade mark . Civil Appeal Nos. 2937-2942 of 2018 with Ors . Page 8 of 47