is the proprietor of the mark as claimed under Section 18 ( 1 ) of the Act , but restricted his entitlement for registration by holding that the appellant would not be entitled to registration in respect of milk and milk products . Relevant discussion in this behalf is reproduced below : “ The balance of convenience is in favour of the applicants . The applicants are the extensive user of the mark since the year 1989 . the adoption of the mark by the Applicants is honest and concurrent . To prove their claim , the applicants have filed documents in support of application . In these circumstance , the applicants are having definite claim to the proprietorship of the mark applied for . Hence the Applicants are the proprietors of the mark as claimed for under the provisions of Section 18 ( 1 ) of the Act . On carefully considered the arguments advanced by both the counsel and materials available on the record and the evidence adduced by the concerned parties , in the interest of justice and purity of the Register since the Applicants are not using milk and milk products in class-29 whereas the Opponents have proved that they are the famous Dairy products producers and the evidence produced by the Opponents also reveals that they are using the mark for Milk and Milk products only . Therefore , the applicants are directed to delete the goods “ Milk and Milk products ” from the specification of goods by way of filing a request on from TM-16 to delete the same and after deletion of the goods , the same should be notified in the Trade Marks Journal . It is significant to note that both Applicant and Opponent are carrying business in Bangalore . While the Applicant claims to be suing the trade mark NANDHINI since 1989 , the Opponents have been using the trade mark NANDINI prior to Applicant , the artistic work , design and getup are totally different . While the Applicant has been using the traded mark NANDHINI with a lamp and written in a particular style , the Opponents are using NANDINI with device of cow . The Opponent has not produced any evidence to show that use of trade mark NANDHINI by Civil Appeal Nos. 2937-2942 of 2018 with Ors . Page 13 of 47