one or more goods or of all goods conforming a general description . The Trade Marks Act has _ noted distinction between description of goods forming a genus and separate and distinctly identifiable goods under the genus in various other sections e.g. goods of same description in Section 46 , Sections 12 and 34 and class of goods in Section 18 , Rules 12 and 26 read with Fourth Schedule to the Rules framed under the Act . 48 . The “ class ” mentioned in the Fourth Schedule may subsume or comprise a number of goods or articles which are separately identifiable and vendible and which are not goods of the same description as commonly understood in trade or in common parlance . Manufactured tobacco is a class mentioned in Class 34 of Fourth Schedule of the Rules but within the said class , there are a number of distinctly identifiable goods which are marketed separately and also used differently . In our view , it is not only permissible but it will be only just and proper to register one or more articles under a class or genus if in reality registration only in respect of such articles is intended , by specifically mentioning the names of such articles and by indicating the class under which such article or articles are to be comprised . It is , therefore , permissible to register only cigarette or some other specific products made of “ manufactured tobacco ” as mentioned in Class 34 of Fourth Schedule of the Rules . In our view , the contention of Mr Vaidyanathan that in view of change in the language of Section 8 of the Trade Marks Act as compared to Section 5 of the Trade Marks Act , 1940 , registration of trade mark is to be made only in respect of class or genus and not in respect of articles of different species under the genus is based on incorrect appreciation of Section 8 of the Trade Marks Act and Fourth Schedule of the Rules . ” 31 . We may mention that the aforesaid principle of law while interpreting the provisions of Trade and Merchandise Act , 1958 is equally applicable as it is unaffected by the Trade Marks Act , 1999 inasmuch as the main object underlying the said principle is Civil Appeal Nos. 2937-2942 of 2018 with Ors . Page 44 of 47