“ 22 . Thus , we think that the correct view , in conformity with the plain meaning of words used in the relevant Rules , is that the ‘ entrance ’ or ‘ inclusion ’ test for a place on the select list , is competitive and comparative applied to all eligible candidates and not minimal like pass marks at an examination . The Selection Committee has an unrestricted choice of the best available talent , from amongst eligible candidates , determined by reference to reasonable criteria applied in assessing the facts revealed by service records of all eligible candidates so that merit and not mere seniority is the governing factor . ” 10 . On the other hand , as between the two principles of seniority and merit , the criterion of “ seniority-cum-merit ” lays greater emphasis on seniority . In State of Mysore v. Syed Mahmood while considering Rule 4 ( 3 ) ( b ) of the Mysore State Civil Services General Recruitment Rules , 1957 which required promotion to be made by selection on the basis of seniority-cum-merit , this Court has observed that the Rule required promotion to be made by selection on the basis of “ seniority subject to the fitness of the candidate to discharge the duties of the post from among persons eligible for promotion ” . It was pointed out that where the promotion is based on seniority-cum-merit , the officer can not claim promotion as a matter of right by virtue of his seniority alone and if he is found unfit to discharge the duties of the higher post , he may be passed over and an officer junior to him may be promoted . ” 34 ) He also submitted that as the authorities had themselves applied the criteria laid down in the said Circular to mean seniority is subject to suitability ( i.e. unless found unsuitable ) , this administrative instruction by the aforesaid prolonged practice had established itself as a legal principle from which the appellants could not deviate . He also referred to the following judgments in support of his submission that under certain circumstances even Civil Appeal No. 5800 of 2018 Page 27 of 40