27 ) Another judgment on which the learned Attorney General relied upon was the case of Union of India and Others v. Lt. Gen. ~ Rajendra Singh Kadyan and Another ’ . The relevant portion is quoted hereinbelow : “ 29 . The contention put forth before us is that there are factual inaccuracies in the statement recorded by the Cabinet Secretary in his note and , therefore , it must be deemed to be vitiated so as to reach a conclusion that the decision of the Government in this regard is not based on proper material . The learned Attorney General , therefore , took great pains to bring the entire records relating to the relevant period which were considered by the Cabinet Secretary and sought to point out that there were notings available on those files which justify these remarks . Prima facie , we can not say , having gone through those records , that these notings are baseless . Critical analysis or appraisal of the file by the Court may neither be conducive to the interests of the officers concerned or for the morale of the entire force . Maybe one may emphasize one aspect rather than the other but in the appraisal of the total profile , the entire service profile has been taken care of by the authorities concerned and we can not substitute our view to that of the authorities . It is a well-known principle of administrative law that when relevant considerations have been taken note of and irrelevant aspects have been eschewed from consideration and that no relevant aspect has been ignored and the administrative decisions have nexus with the facts on record , the same can not be attacked on merits . Judicial review is permissible only to the extent of finding whether the process in reaching decision has been observed correctly and not the decision as such . In that view of the matter , we think there is no justification for the High Court to have interfered with the order made by the Government . ” 28 ) The learned Attorney General , thus , found error in the approach of the AFT in giving primacy to ‘ seniority ’ alone , ignoring the 3 ( 2000 ) 6 SCC 698 Civil Appeal No. 5800 of 2018 Page 21 of 40