Equivalent ) in AMC vide MoD ID Note No 3 ( 2 ) / 2017/D ( Medical ) dated 19 " January , 2018 ( Encl — 4A ) . The Gen Officer on assumption of the rank of Lt Gen would superannuate on 31 ° May , 2019 and would have a residual service of more than 01 ( one ) year . The officer has been proposed separately for the appt of DGHS ( AF ) office of the DGAFMS . XX XX XX 7 ) it is submitted that the DGAFMS has held extensive deliberations regarding the consideration of MR 04141M Maj Gen Manomoy Ganguly , VSM , for the appointment of DGMS ( Army ) consequent to his approval for promotion to the rank of Lt Gen ( Equivalent ) in AFMS by a Review Promotion Board held on 4 " December , 2017 . It has been submitted that , Maj Gen Manomoy Ganguly , VSM would be newly promoted from the rank of Maj Gen and does not have previous experience to the working and environs of the IHQ of the MoD . His proposal , therefore , for appt in the office of DGAFMS as DGHS ( AF ) would be commensurate with his restored seniority as well as provide him the opportunity to become familiar with the functions , roles and responsibilities of the office of the DGAFMS and various service HQs . The Gen Officer on promotion to the rank of Lt Gen ( & Equivalent ) would then superannuate on 31 * May , 2019 . Against this backdrop , the COAS has approved the panel for inclusion of Maj Gen Manomoy Ganguly , VSM for the appt of DGHS ( AF ) . ” 19 ) Vis-a-vis the respondent , case of Lt. General Sanjiv Chopra , the next senior most officer , was considered who had residual service of 1 year and 17 days and , therefore , was also eligible and it was found that he was more suitable for the post in question and the Note recorded this consideration in the following terms : “ 9 . Lt Gen Sanjiv Chopra , VSM , DGHS ( AF ) and Col. Comdt . O/O DGAFMS , meets the eligibility criteria the appt of DGMS ( Army ) . The COAS has approved the panel for the appt of DGMS ( Army ) as under : Civil Appeal No. 5800 of 2018 Page 14 of 40