reproduced in the first instance . These are as under : “ 10 . We have checked and rechecked the records . A plain comparison of the applicant 's revised profile after getting redressal will indicate that the applicant with 91.25 quantified marks jumps to seventh place , above Maj. Gen Sanjiv Chopra having 91.15 quantified marks , and not 16 " / 15 " as indicated in Note 3 above notes and also stated in the counter affidavit which is totally false . If the two are compared in totality , the applicant is entitled to same Board Marks which were given to Maj Gen Sanjiv Chopra i.e. 1.7 out of two marks and would be higher in merit than Maj Gen Sanjiv Chopra . XXX XXX XXX 14 . Therefore , in the interest of justice , we quash the proceedings of the Review Special Promotion Board held on 21.03.2017 in respect of the applicant due to wrong Board marks allotted to him in this Board as a result of incorrect date presented to the Board Members by the Secretary of the Board . We also direct that the applicant be put through a fresh Review Special Promotion Board to consider him for promotion to the rank of Lt. Gen in consonance with the paramters of relevant policies and his changed profile after allotting entitled Board marks as pointed out above , and his seniority restored . In the meantime the respondents will refrain from filling up the post of DGMS ( Army ) falling vacant on 01.11.2017 and will only proceed after the case of the applicant is decided by the Board . ” 6 ) While affirming the aforesaid order , this Court in its judgment had made the following observations : “ 21 ) In the original SPB meeting , Major General Sanjiv Chopra was awarded 1.70 out of 2 marks whereas the respondent was awarded 1.50 marks . Lesser marks given to the respondent were because of the reason that marks awarded to him out of 93 were lesser than Mr. Sanjiv Chopra . Result of the redressal was that the marks of the respondent became higher than Mr. Sanjiv Chopra which necessitated Review SPB . This Review SPB meeting has Civil Appeal No. 5800 of 2018 Page 5 of 40