that it is difficult to distinguish cases where death penalty has been imposed from those where the alternative of life imprisonment has been applied . In the Court ’s own words “ extremely uneven application of Bachan Singh has given rise _ to_a state of uncertainty in capital sentencing law which clearly falls foul of constitutional due process and equality principle ” . The Court has also acknowledged erroneous imposition of the death sentence _ in contravention of Bachan Singh guidelines . Therefore , the constitutional regulation of capital punishment attempted in Bachan Singh has failed to prevent death sentences from being “ arbitrarily and freakishly imposed ” .      7.1.5 There exists no principled method to remove such arbitrariness from capital sentencing . A _ rigid , standardization or categorization of offences which does not take into account the difference between cases is arbitrary in that it treats different cases on the same footing . Anything less categorical , like the Bachan Singh framework itself , has demonstrably and admittedly failed . 7.1.6 Numerous committee reports as well as judgments of the Supreme Court have recognized that the administration of criminal justice in the country is in deep crisis . Lack of resources , outdated modes of investigation , over - stretched police force , ineffective prosecution , and poor legal aid are some of the problems besetting the system . Death penalty operates within this context and therefore suffers from the same structural and systemic impediments . The administration of capital punishment thus remains fallible and vulnerable to misapplication . The vagaries of the system also operate disproportionately against the socially and economically marginalized who may lack the resources to effectively advocate their rights within an adversarial criminal justice system . 7.1.7 Clemency powers usually come into play after a judicial conviction and sentencing of an offender . In exercise of these clemency powers , the President and Governor are empowered to scrutinize the record of the case and differ with the judicial verdict on the point of guilt or sentence . Even when they do not so differ , they are empowered to exercise their clemency powers to ameliorate hardship , correct error , or to do complete justice 25