follows : “ 209 . There are numerous other circumstances justifying the passing of the lighter sentence ; as there are countervailing circumstances of aggravation . “ We can not obviously feed into a judicial computer all such situations since they are astrological imponderables in an imperfect and undulating society . ” Nonetheless , it can not be over - emphasised that the scope and concept of mitigating factors in the area of death penalty must receive a liberal and expansive construction by the courts in accord with the sentencing policy writ large in Section 354(3 ) . Judges should never be bloodthirsty . Hanging of murderers has never been too good for them . Facts and Figures , albeit incomplete , furnished by the Union of India , show that in the past , courts have inflicted the extreme penalty with extreme infrequency — a fact which attests to the caution and compassion which they have always brought to bear on the exercise of their sentencing discretion in so grave a matter . It is , therefore , imperative to voice the concern that courts , aided by the broad illustrative quidelines indicated by us , will discharge the onerous function with evermore scrupulous care and humane concern , directed along the highroad of legislative policy outlined in Section 354(3 ) viz . that for persons convicted of murder , life imprisonment is the rule and death sentence an exception . A real_and _ abiding concern for the dignity of human life postulates resistance to taking a life through law 's instrumentality . That ought not to be done save in the rarest of rare cases when the alternative option is unquestionably foreclosed . ” ( Emphasis supplied ) 10 . In Machhi Singh v. State of Punjab * the Court summarised the findings in Bachan Singh ( supra ) and held as follows : “ 38 . In this background the guidelines indicated in Bachan Singh case will have to be culled out and applied to the facts of each individual case where the question of imposing of 4 ( 1983 ) 3 SCC 470