have to apply , while awarding death sentence are “ crime test ” , “ criminal test ” and the “ R - R _ test ” and not the “ balancing test ” . To award death sentence , the “ crime test ” has to be fully satisfied , that is , 100 % and “ criminal test ” 0 % , that is , no mitigating circumstance favouring the accused . If there is any circumstance favouring the accused , like lack of intention to commit the crime , possibility of reformation , young age of the accused , not a menace to the society , no previous track record , etc . the “ criminal test ” may favour the accused to avoid the capital punishment . Even if both the tests are satisfied , that is , the aggravating circumstances to the fullest extent and no mitigating circumstances favouring the accused , still we have to apply finally the rarest of the rare case test ( R - R test ) . R - R test depends upon the perception of the society that is “ societycentric ” and not “ Judge - centric ” , that is , whether the society will approve the awarding of death sentence to certain types of crimes or not . While applying that test , the court has to look into variety of factors like society 's abhorrence , extreme indignation and antipathy to certain types of crimes like sexual assault and murder of intellectually challenged minor girls , suffering from physical disability , old and infirm women with those disabilities , etc . Examples are only illustrative and not exhaustive . The courts award death sentence since situation demands so , due to constitutional compulsion , reflected by the will of the people and not the will of the Judges . ” ( Emphasis supplied ) In our opinion , the High Court has erroneously confirmed death penalty without correctly applying the law laid down in Bachan Singh ( supra ) , Machhi Singh ( supra ) , Santosh Bariyar ( supra ) and Shankar Kisanrao Khade ( supra ) . The decision to impose the highest punishment of death sentence in this case does not fulfil the test of “ rarest of rare case where the alternative option unquestionably foreclosed ” . The questions laid down in paragraph 14