23 . and Chapter -VII of Report No . 262 contains the Conclusions Recommendations . To quote : “ A. Conclusions 7.1.1 The death penalty does not serve the penological goal of deterrence any more than life imprisonment . Further , life imprisonment under Indian law means imprisonment for the whole of life subject to just remissions which , in many states in cases of serious crimes , are granted only after many years of imprisonment which range from 30 - 60 years . 7.1.2 Retribution has an important role to play in punishment . However , it can not be reduced to vengeance . The notion of “ an eye for an eye , tooth for a tooth ” has no place in our constitutionally mediated criminal justice system . Capital punishment fails to achieve any constitutionally valid penological goals .    7.1.3 In focusing on death penalty as the ultimate measure of justice to victims , the restorative and rehabilitative aspects of justice are lost sight of . Reliance on the death penalty diverts attention from other problems ailing the criminal justice system such as _ _ poor investigation , crime prevention and rights of victims of crime . It is essential that the State establish effective victim compensation schemes to rehabilitate victims of crime . At the same time , it is also essential that courts use the power granted to them under the Code of Criminal Procedure , 1973 to grant appropriate compensation to victims in Suitable cases . The voices of victims and witnesses are often silenced by threats and other coercive techniques employed by powerful accused persons . Hence it is essential that a witness protection scheme also be established . The need for police reforms for better and more effective investigation and prosecution has also been universally felt for some time now and measures regarding the same need to be taken on a priority basis . 7.1.4 In the last decade , the Supreme Court has on numerous occasions expressed concern about arbitrary sentencing in death penalty cases . The Court has noted 24