concerned with Admiralty jurisdiction and arrestment of ships in Scotland , the equivalent provision , section 47 ( 1 ) ( b ) , requires that “ all the shares in the ship are owned by the defendant . ” This provision , to which I can properly have regard : see The Eschersheim [ 1976 ] 1 W.L.R. 430 , 436 per Lord Diplock , reinforces my conclusion that section 3 ( 4 ) of the Act is concerned with title , the word “ beneficial ” being introduced to allow for the peculiar English institution of the trust . ” XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX “ Accordingly , I do not regard the words “ beneficially owned as respects all the shares therein ” as being capable of more than one meaning ; in the absence of ambiguity this is not , on the principles established by the Court of Appeal in Salomon v. Customs and Excise Commissioners [ 1967 ] 2 Q.B. 116 , Post Office v. Estuary Radio Ltd . [ 1968 ] 2 Q.B. 740 and by the House of Lords in the Convention The Eschersheim [ 1976 ] 1 W.L.R. 430 , an appropriate case in which to have recourse to the Convention . Even so , out of respect for the views of Brandon J. , I propose to examine the Convention . The relevant provisions of article 3 of ( the International Convention Relating to the Arrest of Sea-going Ships 1952 ) are as follows : “ ( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of paragraph ( 4 ) of this article and of article 10 , a claimant may arrest either the particular ship in respect of which the maritime claim arose , or any other ship which is owned by the person who was , at the time when the maritime claim arose , the owner of the particular ship , even though the ship arrested be ready to sail ; but no ship , other than the particular ship in respect of which the claim arose , may be arrested in respect of any of the maritime claims enumerated in article 1 , ( 1 ) , ( 0 ) , ( p ) or ( q ) , ( 2 ) Ships shall be deemed to be in the same ownership when all the shares therein are owned by the same person or persons .... ( 4 ) When in the case of a charter by demise of a ship the charterer and not the registered owner is liable in respect of a maritime Page 49 of 57