supplied to any foreign ship or sea-going vessel and the payment thereof whether such ship or vessel may have been within the body of a country or upon the high seas at the time when the services were rendered or damage received or necessary furnished in respect of such claims . But the most important Act was passed in 1861 which expanded power and jurisdiction of courts and held the field till it was replaced by Administration of Justice Act , 1920 . The importance of the Act lay in introducing the statutory right to arrest the res on an action in rem . Section 35 of the 1861 Act provided that the jurisdiction by the High Court of Admiralty could be exercised either by proceedings in rem or proceedings in personam . “ The essence of the rem in procedure is that ‘ res ’ itself becomes , as one might say , the defendant , and ultimately the ‘ res ’ the ship may be arrested by legal process and sold by the Court to meet the plaintiff 's claim . The primary object , therefore , of the action in rem is to satisfy the claimant out of the res ” [ Maritime Lawby Christopher Hill ] . If the 1840 Act was important for providing statutory basis for various types of claims then 1861 Act was a step forward in expanding the jurisdiction to claims of bill of lading . Section 6 of the Act was construed liberally so as to confer jurisdiction and the expression ‘ carried into any port was ’ was expanded to mean not only when the goods were actually carried but even if they were to be carried [ ( The ) Ironsides , 167 ER 205 ( The ) St. Cloud , 167 ER 29 ( The ) Norway , 167 ER 347 ] . Further the section was interpreted as providing additional remedy for breach of contract { Carter : History of English Courts ] . By the Jurisdiction Act of 1873 the court of Admiralty was merged in High Court of Justice . Result was that it obtained jurisdiction over all maritime cases . Therefore what was covered by enactments could be taken cognisance of in the manner provided in the Act but there was no bar in respect of any cause of action which was otherwise cognizable and arose in Admiralty . Section 6 of 1861 Act was confined to claim by the owner or consignee or assignee of any bill of lading of any goods carried into any port in England or Wales ( to be read as India ) . But it did not debar any action or any claim by the owner or consignee or assignee of any bill of lading in respect of cargo carried out of the port . Even if there Page 21 of 57