conduct of the owner .... ” ( Per Justice Story , The United States v . The Big Malek Adhel [ 43 US ( 2 How ) 210 , 233 ( 1844 ) ] ) . XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX 59 . The real purpose of arrest in both the English and the Civil Law systems is to obtain security as a guarantee for satisfaction of the decree , although arrest in England is the basis of assumption of jurisdiction , unless the owner has submitted to jurisdiction . In any event , once the arrest is made and the owner has entered appearance , the proceedings continue in personam . All actions in the civil law — whether maritime or not — are in personam , and arrest of a vessel is permitted even in respect of non-maritime claims , and the vessel is treated as any other property of the owner , and its very presence within jurisdiction is sufficient to clothe the competent tribunal with jurisdiction over the owner in respect of any claim . [ See D.C. Jackson , Enforcement of Maritime Claims , ( 1985 ) Appendix 5 ] [ See D.C. Jackson , Enforcement of Maritime Claims , ( 1985 ) Appendix 5 , p. 437 et seq. ] . Admiralty actions in England , on the other hand , whether in rem or in personam , are confined to well defined maritime liens or claims and directed against the res ( ship , cargo and freight ) which is the subject-matter of the dispute or any other ship in the same beneficial ownership as the res in question . ” XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX “ 99 . What then was the jurisdiction that the Court of England exercised in 1890 ? The law of Admiralty was developed by English courts both as a matter of commercial expediency and due to equity and justice . Originally it was a part of common law jurisdiction , but the difficulty of territorial limitations , constraints of common law and the necessity to protect the rights and interests of its own citizens resulted in growth of maritime lien a concept distinct from common law or equitable lien as it represents a charge on maritime property of a nature unknown alike to the common law or equity . The Privy Council explained Page 19 of 57