PART F sense of compassion and a realisation of the innate humanity which dwells in each human being . Value based education must enable our young to be aware of the horrible consequences of prejudice , hate and discrimination that continue to threaten people and societies the world over ... ”148 The right to privacy enables an individual to exercise his or her autonomy , away from the glare of societal expectations . The realisation of the human personality is dependent on the autonomy of an individual . In a liberal democracy , recognition of the individual as an autonomous person is an acknowledgment of the State ’s respect for the capacity of the individual to make independent choices . The right to privacy may be construed to signify that not only are certain acts no longer immoral , but that there also exists an affirmative moral right to do them . '*9 As noted by Richards , this moral right emerges from the autonomy to which the individual is entitled : “ Autonomy , in the sense fundamental to the theory of human rights , is an empirical assumption that persons as such have a range of capacities that enables them to develop , and act upon plans of action that take as their object one 's life and the way it is lived . The consequence of these capacities of autonomy is that humans can make independent decisions regarding what their life shall be , self - critically reflecting , as a separate being , which of one 's first - order desires will be developed and which disowned , which capacities cultivated and which left barren , with whom one will or will not identify , or what one will define and pursue as needs and aspirations . In brief , autonomy gives to persons the capacity to call their life their own . The development of these capacities for separation and individuation is , from birth , the central developmental task of becoming a person . ” ' ® ° 148 Ibid at para 22 . 149 Supra note 131 , at pages 1000 - 1001 . 159 Supra note 131 , at pages 964 - 965 ; M. Mahler , “ The Psychological Birth of The Human Infant : Symbiosis And Individuation ” ( 1975 ) ; L. Kaplan , Oneness And Separateness : From Infant To Individual ( 1978 ) . 79