“ 166 . The purpose of saying so is only to highlight that the law must take cognizance of the changing society and march in consonance with the developing concepts . The need of the present has to be served with the interpretative process of law . However , it is to be seen how much strength and sanction can be drawn from the Constitution to consummate the changing ideology and convert it into a reality . The immediate needs are required to be addressed through the process of interpretation by the Court unless the same totally falls outside the constitutional framework or the _ constitutional interpretation fails to recognise such dynamism . The Constitution Bench in Gian Kaur [ Gian Kaur v. State of Punjab , ( 1996 ) 2 SCC 648 : 1996 SCC ( Cri ) 374 ] , as stated earlier , distinguishes attempt to suicide and abetment of suicide from acceleration of the process of natural death which has commenced . The authorities , we have noted from other jurisdictions , have observed the _ distinctions between the administration of lethal injection or certain medicines to cause painless death and nonadministration of certain treatment which can prolong the life in cases where the process of dying that has commenced is not reversible or withdrawal of the treatment that has been given to the patient because of the absolute absence of possibility of saving the life . To explicate , the first part relates to an overt act whereas the second one would come within the sphere of informed consent and authorised omission . The omission of such a nature will not invite any criminal liability if such action is guided by certain safeguards . The concept is based on non - prolongation of life where there is no cure for the state the patient is in and he , under no circumstances , would have liked to have such a degrading state . The words “ no cure ” have to be understood to convey that the patient remains in the same state of pain and suffering or the dying process is delayed by means of taking recourse to 53