Penal Code that the American Law Institute took out in 1955 , making it clear that it did not provide for criminal penalties for consensual same - sex relationships conducted in private . The judgment then went on to refer to the Wolfenden Committee Report and the Sexual Offences Act,1967 in the United Kingdom and referred to the European Court ’s decision in Dudgeon v. United Kingdom , 45 Eur . Ct . H. R. ( 1981 ) . It then referred to Romer v. Evans ( “ Romer ” ) , 517 U.S. 620 ( 1996 ) , where the Court struck down a class - based legislation which deprived homosexuals of State anti - discrimination laws as a violation of the Equal Protection Clause . The majority then found that the 1986 decision of Bowers ( supra ) , had “ sustained serious erosion ” through their recent decisions in Casey ( supra ) and Romer ( supra ) , and had , therefore , to be revisited . ° Justice ‘ The freedom asserted by these appellees does not bring them into collision with rights asserted by any other individual . It is such conflicts which most frequently require intervention of the State to determine where the rights of one end and those of another begin . But the refusal of these persons to participate in the ceremony does not interfere with or deny rights of others to do so . Nor is there any question in this case that their behavior is peaceable and orderly . ” The learned Judge then went on to find : ‘ The very purpose of a Bill of Rights was to withdraw certain subjects from the vicissitudes of political controversy , to place them beyond the reach of majorities and officials and to establish them as legal principles to be applied by the courts . One 's right to life , liberty , and property , to free speech , a free press , freedom of worship and 5 The majority 's decision echoes what had happened earlier in what is referred to as the celebrated flag salute case , namely , West Virginia State Board of Education v. Barnette , 319 U.S. 624 ( 1943 ) . The U.S. Supreme Court had overruled its recent judgment in Minersville School District v. Gobitis , 310 U.S. 586 ( 1940 ) . Justice Jackson speaking for the majority of the Court found : 25