PART D intercourse . ’ ” It has been argued that if ‘ sexual intercourse ’ now includes many acts which were covered under Section 377 , those acts are clearly not ‘ against the order of nature ’ anymore . They are , in fact , part of the changed meaning of sexual intercourse itself . This means that much of Section 377 has not only been rendered redundant but that the very word ‘ unnatural ’ can not have the meaning that was attributed to it before the 2013 amendment . ’ ® Section 375 defines the expression rape in an expansive sense , to include any one of several acts committed by a man in relation to a woman . The offence of rape is established if those acts are committed against her will or without the free consent of the woman . Section 375 is a clear indicator that in a heterosexual context , certain physical acts between a man and woman are excluded from the operation of penal law if they are consenting adults . Many of these acts which would have been within the purview of Section 377 , stand 77 375 . Aman is said to commit “ rape ” if he- ( a ) penetrates his penis , to any extent , into the vagina , mouth , urethra or anus of a woman or makes her to do so with him or any other person ; or ( b ) inserts , to any extent , any object or a part of the body , not being the penis , into the vagina , the urethra or anus of a woman or makes her to do so with him or any other person ; or ( c ) manipulates any part of the body of a woman so as to cause penetration into the vagina , urethra , anus or any part of body of such woman or makes her to do so with him or any other person ; or ( d ) applies his mouth to the vagina , anus , urethra of a woman or makes her to do so with him or any other person , under the circumstances falling under any of the following seven descriptions : — First.—Against her will . Secondly.—Without her consent . Thirdly.—With her consent , when her consent has been obtained by putting her or any person in whom she is interested , in fear of death or of hurt . Fourthly.—With her consent , when the man knows that he is not her husband and that her consent is given because she believes that he is another man to whom she is or believes herself to be lawfully married . Fifthly.—With her consent when , at the time of giving such consent , by reason of unsoundness of mind or intoxication or the administration by him personally or through another of any stupefying or unwholesome substance , she is unable to understand the nature and consequences of that to which she gives consent Sixthly.—With or without her consent , when she is under eighteen years of age . Seventhly.—When she is unable to communicate consent . Explanation 1.—For the purposes of this section , " vagina " shall also include labia majora . Explanation 2.—Consent means an unequivocal voluntary agreement when the woman by words , gestures or any form of verbal or non - verbal communication , communicates willingness to participate in the specific sexual act : Provided that a woman who does not physically resist to the act of penetration shall not by the reason only of that fact , be regarded as consenting to the sexual activity . Exception 1.—A medical procedure or intervention shall not constitute rape . Exception 2.—Sexual intercourse or sexual acts by a man with his own wife , the wife not being under fifteen years of age , is not rape . 78 Supra note 75 , at pages 232 - 249 . 40