PART E constitutionally invalid . ” In the same line , the Court also cited with approval , the judgments of the US Supreme Court in Frontiero v. Richardson ® , and United States v. Virginia ® ® , and Justice Marshall ’s dissent in Dothard v. Rawlinson ® ° , The Court grounded the anti - stereotyping principle as firmly rooted in the prohibition under Article 15 . In National Legal Services Authority v. Union of India ( ‘ NALSA ’ ) " , while dealing with the rights of transgender persons under the Constitution , this Court opined : “ 66 . Articles 15 and 16 sought to prohibit discrimination on the basis of sex , recognizing that sex discrimination is a historical fact and needs to be addressed . Constitution makers , it can be gathered , gave emphasis to the fundamental right against sex discrimination so as to prevent the direct or indirect attitude to treat people differently , for the reason of not being in conformity with stereotypical generalizations of binary genders . Both gender and _ biological attributes constitute distinct components of sex . Biological characteristics , of course , include genitals , chromosomes and secondary sexual features , but gender attributes include one ’s self image , the deep psychological or emotional sense of sexual identity and character . The discrimination on the ground of ‘ sex ’ Under 8 ® 411 U.S. 677 ( 1973 ) . The case concerned a statute that allowed service - members to claim additional benefits if their spouse was dependent on them . A male claimant would automatically be entitled to such benefits while a female claimant would have to prove that her spouse was dependent on her for more than half his support . The Court struck down this statute stating that the legislation violated the equal protection clause of the American Constitution . 518 U.S. 515 ( 1996 ) . The case concerned the Virginia Military Institute ( VMI ) , which had a stated objected of producing “ citizen - soldiers . ” However , it did not admit women . The Court held that such a provision was unconstitutional and that there were no “ fixed notions concerning the roles and abilities of males and females . ” 433 U.S. 321 ( 1977).The case concerned an effective bar on females for the position of guards or correctional counsellors in the Alabama State Penitentiary system . Justice Marshall 's dissent held that prohibition of women in ‘ contact positions ’ violated the Title VII guarantee . 91 ( 2014 ) 5 SCC 438 8 8 % 3 48