PART E In other words , one can not simply separate discrimination based on sexual orientation and discrimination based on sex because discrimination based on sexual orientation inherently promulgates ideas about stereotypical notions of sex and gender roles . Taking this further , Andrew Koppelman argues that : “ Similarly , sodomy laws discriminate on the basis of sex - for example , permitting men , but not women , to have sex with women - in order to impose traditional sex roles . The Court has deemed this purpose impermissible in other contexts because it perpetuates the subordination of women . The same concern applies with special force to the sodomy laws , because their function is to maintain the polarities of gender on which the subordination of women depends . ”' ° 2 Koppelman thus suggests that the taboo against homosexuals “ polices the boundaries that separate the dominant from the dominated in a social hierarchy . ” ' ° ? He expands on this idea , using the analogy of miscegenation , or the interbreeding of races : “ Do statutes that outlaw homosexual sex impose traditional sex roles ? One possible answer is that of McLaughlin [ McLaughlin v. Florida ] : The crime is by definition one of engaging in activity inappropriate to one 's sex . But these statutes ’ inconsistency with the Constitution 's command of equality is deeper . Like the miscegenation statutes , the sodomy statutes reflect and reinforce the morality of a hierarchy based on birth . Just as the prohibition of miscegenation preserved the polarities of race on which white supremacy rested , so the prohibition of sodomy preserves the polarities of gender on which rests the subordination of women . ”104 102 Andrew Koppelman , “ The Miscegenation Analogy : Sodomy Law as Sex Discrimination ” , Yale Law Journal , Vol . 98 ( 1988 ) , at page 147 . 103 Andrew Koppelman , “ Why Discrimination against Lesbians and Gay Men is Sex Discrimination ’ , New York University Law Review , Vol . 69 ( 1994 ) . 104 Supra note 102 , at page 148 . 59