PART G domestic courts , often together with violations of other human rights , such as the rights to privacy , self - determination , human dignity and health.2 ° ” G.| Section 377 and HIV prevention efforts 84 Section 377 has a significant detrimental impact on the right to health of those persons who are susceptible to contracting HIV — men who have sex with men ( “ MSM”)? ° 8 and transgender persons . ” ° ° The Global Commission on HIV and the Law has noted the impact of Section 377 on the right of health of persons afflicted with or vulnerable to contracting HIV : “ The law and its institutions can protect the dignity of all people living with HIV , and in so doing fortify those most vulnerable to HIV , so - called “ key populations ’ , such as sex workers , MSM , transgender people , prisoners and migrants . The law can open the doors to justice when these people ’s rights are trampled .... But the law can also do grave harm to the bodies and spirits of people living with HIV . It can perpetuate discrimination and isolate the people most vulnerable to HIV from the programmes that would help them to avoid or cope with the virus . By dividing people into criminals and victims or sinful and innocent , the legal environment can destroy the social , political , and economic 207 Eszter Kismodi , Jane Cottingham , Sofia Gruskin & Alice M. Miller , “ Advancing sexual health through human rights : The role of the law ’ , Taylor and Francis , ( 2015 ) , at pages 252 - 267 . 208 The term “ men who have sex with men ” ( MSM ) denotes all men who have sex with men , regardless of their sexual identity , sexual orientation and whether or not they also have sex with females . MSM is an epidemiological term which focuses on sexual behaviours for the purpose of HIV and STI surveillance . The assumption is that behaviour , not sexual identity , places people at risk for HIV . See Regional Office for South - East Asia , World Health Organization , “ HIV / AIDS among men who have sex with men and transgender populations in South - East Asia : the current situation and national responses ” ( 2010 ) . Transgender people continue to be included under the umbrella term “ MSM ” . However , it has increasingly been recognized that Transgender people have unique needs and concerns , and it would be more useful to view them as a separate group . See Regional Office for South - East Asia , World Health Organization , “ HIV / AIDS among men who have sex with men and transgender populations in South - East Asia : the current situation and national responses ’ ( 2010 ) . 20 : 8 102