PART F ‘ Epistemology of the Closet ’ , ' ? ? Eve Sedgwick states that “ the closet is the defining structure for gay oppression in this century . ” The closet is symbolic of the exclusion faced by them : “ Closets exist and they hide social information . They hide certain socially proscribed sexual desires , certain unnamable sexual acts deemed ‘ unnatural ’ by the cultural context and law , certain identities which dare not speak their name and certain forms of behaviour which can make an individual susceptible to stigma and oppression . The closet does not simply hide this susceptibility ; it hides stigma and oppression itself . It marks the silencing of different voices , a silence which is achieved by a gross violation of lives that inhabit the closet , through both violence and pain inflicted by significant others both within and without the closet and instances of self - inflicted pain and violence . The closet also hides pleasure , myriad sexual expressions and furtive encounters that gratify the self . The closet also conceals the possibility of disease and death . ” ' ° ° The existing heteronormative framework — which recognises only sexual relations that conform to social norms — is legitimized by the taint of ‘ unnaturalness ’ that Section 377 lends to sexual relations outside this framework . The notion of ‘ unnatural acts ’ , viewed in myopic terms of a “ fixed procreational model of sexual functioning ” , is improperly applied to sexual relations between consenting adults . ' * ' Sexual activity between adults and based on consent must be viewed as a “ natural expression ” of human sexual competences and sensitivities.1 ° * The refusal to accept these acts amounts to 129 Eve Kosofsky Sedgwick , Epistemology of the Closet , University of California Press ( 1990 ) . 180 Supra note 65 , at page 102 . 131 David A. J. Richards , “ Sexual Autonomy and the Constitutional Right to Privacy : A Case Study in Human Rights and the Unwritten Constitution ” , Hastings Law Journal , Vol . 30 , at page 786 . 182 Ibid . 73