an individual has an inseparable association with liberty . Without sustenance of liberty , subject to constitutionally valid provisions of law , the life of a person is comparable to the living dead having to endure cruelty and torture without protest and tolerate imposition of thoughts and ideas without a voice to dissent or record a disagreement . The fundamental feature of dignified existence is to assert for dignity that has the spark of divinity and the realization of choice within the parameters of law without any kind of subjugation . The purpose of laying stress on the concepts of individual dignity and choice within the framework of liberty is of paramount importance . We may clearly and emphatically state that life and liberty sans dignity and choice is a phenomenon that allows hollowness to enter into the constitutional recognition of identity of a person . 46 . The choice of an individual is an inextricable part of dignity , for dignity can not be thought of where there is erosion of choice . True it is , the same is bound by the principle of constitutional limitation but in the absence of such limitation , none , we mean , no one shall be permitted to interfere in the fructification of the said choice . If the right to express one 's own choice is obstructed , it would be extremely difficult to think of dignity in its sanctified completeness . When two adults marry out of their volition , they choose their path ; they consummate their relationship ; they feel that it is their goal and they have the right to do so . And it can unequivocally be stated that they have the right and any infringement of the said right is a constitutional violation . The majority in the name of class or elevated honour of clan can not call for their presence or force their appearance as if they are the monarchs of some indescribable era who have the power , authority and final say to impose any sentence and determine the execution of the same in the way they desire possibly harbouring the 60