PART D Such a formulation of the concept of ‘ natural ’ sex excludes not only the use of contraception , which is likely to have fallen outside the hegemonic view of normative sexuality at the time , but also heterosexual coitus where one or both partners are infertile , or during the ‘ safe ’ period of a woman ’s menstrual cycle . It is perhaps unnecessary to state that the formulation also excludes oral sex between heterosexual partners and any homosexual act whatsoever . ” ” ! The indeterminacy and vagueness of the terms ‘ carnal intercourse ’ and ‘ order of nature ’ renders Section 377 constitutionally infirm as violating the equality clause in Article 14 . While it is evident that the classification is invalid , it is useful to understand its purported goal by looking at the legislative history of Section 377 . In Macaulay ’s first draft of the Penal Code , the predecessor to present day Section 377 was Clause 361 ” which provided a severe punishment for touching another for the purpose of ‘ unnatural ’ lust . Macaulay abhorred the idea of any debate or discussion on this ‘ heinous crime ’ . India ’s anti - sodomy law was conceived , legislated and enforced by the British without any kind of public discussion . ’ ? So abhorrent was homosexuality to the moral notions which he espoused , that Macaulay believed that the idea of a discussion was e Andrew Davis , “ The Framing of Sex : Evaluating Judicial Discourse on the ‘ Unnatural Offences " , Alternative Law Journal , Vol . 5 ( 2006 ) . Clause 361 stated “ Whoever , intending to gratify unnatural lust , touches , for that purpose , any person , or any animal , or is by his own consent touched by any person , for the purpose of gratifying unnatural lust , shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to fourteen years and must not be less than two years , and shall also be liable to fine . ” Alok Gupta , “ Section 377 and the Dignity of Indian Homosexuals ” The Economic and Political Weekly , Vol . 41 ( 2006 ) . 7 nv 7 e 38