PART G accepted medical standards . The International Classification of Diseases ( ICD-10 ) by the World Health Organisation is listed as an internationally accepted medical standard and does not consider non - peno - vaginal sex between consenting adults either a mental disorder or an illness . The Act through Section 18(2 ) ? and Section 2122 ’ provides for protection against discrimination on the grounds of sexual orientation . The repercussions of prejudice , stigma and discrimination continue to impact the psychological well - being of individuals impacted by Section 377 . Mental health professionals can take this change in the law as an opportunity to re examine their own views of homosexuality . 96 Counselling practices will have to focus on providing support to homosexual clients to become comfortable with who they are and get on with their lives , rather than motivating them for change . Instead of trying to cure something that is n’t even a disease or illness , the counsellors have to adopt a more progressive view that reflects the changed medical position and 26 Section 18 . Right to access mental healthcare.—(1 ) Every person shall have a right to access mental healthcare and treatment from mental health services run or funded by the appropriate Government . ( 2 ) The right to access mental healthcare and treatment shall mean mental health services of affordable cost , of good quality , available in sufficient quantity , accessible geographically , without discrimination on the basis of gender , sex , sexual orientation , religion , culture , caste , social or political beliefs , class , disability or any other basis and provided in a manner that is acceptable to persons with mental illness and their families and care - givers . 227 Section 21 . Right to equality and non - discrimination.—(1 ) Every person with mental illness shall be treated as equal to persons with physical illness in the provision of all healthcare which shall include the following , namely : — ( a ) there shall be no discrimination on any basis including gender , sex , sexual orientation , religion , culture , caste , social or political beliefs , class or disability . 110