PART F minorities face grave dangers of discrimination for the simple reason that their views , beliefs or way of life do not accord with the ‘ mainstream ’ . Yet in a democratic Constitution founded on the rule of law , their rights are as sacred as those conferred on other citizens to protect their freedoms and liberties . Sexual orientation is an essential attribute of privacy . Discrimination against an individual on the basis of sexual orientation is deeply offensive to the dignity and self - worth of the individual . Equality demands that the sexual orientation of each individual in society must be protected on an even platform . The right to privacy and the protection of sexual orientation lie at the core of the fundamental rights guaranteed by Articles 14 , 15 and 21 of the Constitution . ”'75 Rejecting the notion that the rights of the LGBT community can be construed as illusory , the court held that the right to privacy claimed by sexual minorities is a constitutionally entrenched right : “ .. The rights of the lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender population can not be construed to be “ so - called rights ” . The expression “ so - called ” seems to suggest the exercise of a liberty in the garb of a right which is illusory . This is an inappropriate construction of the privacy based claims of the LGBT population . Their rights are not “ so - called ” but are real rights founded on sound constitutional doctrine . They inhere in the right to life . They dwell in privacy and dignity . They constitute the essence of liberty and freedom . Sexual orientation is an essential component of identity . Equal protection demands protection of the identity of every individual without discrimination . ”'24 Justice Kaul , concurring with the recognition of sexual orientation as an aspect of privacy , noted that : “ " .. The sexual orientation even within the four walls of the house thus became an aspect of debate . | am in agreement with the view of Dr. D.Y. Chandrachud , J. , who in paragraphs 144 to 146 of his judgment , states that the right of privacy 123 Puttaswamy , at para 144 . 124 Puttaswamy , at para 145 . 71