7 made in the FIR concerning the existence or non - existence of any prior mental condition of the deceased prior to the commission of suicide . 12 . We are apprised of the FSL report which categorically states that the handwriting of the deceased and the handwriting as present in the suicide note has similarities . Further , the status report filed before the High Court notes as under : During investigation , after receiving information of the deceased Brijesh Singh from the hospital and after recording death FIR 15/13 under section 174 CrPC , investigation was started . Handwriting was recovered from the place of incident during inspection , which was identified by the complainant as the handwriting of his son and same was taken into custody . Statements under section 161 CrPC of complainant Munshi Ram , witnesses Sh . Ajay Kumar , Hakam Singh , Smt . Ombati , Smt . Rekha , Smt . Meena , Smt . Pushpa , and Sh . Sher Singh were recorded . Thereafter , Munshi Ram got registered FIR No . 318/2013 . The post - mortem and panchayatnama of the deceased was done and during this , written unsigned note was recovered from the half pant of the deceased and the same was also taken into possession . The post - mortem of the dead body of the victim was conducted . The clothes worn by the deceased were taken into custody and the dead body was handed over to the family members for last rites . On 3.8.2013 , the file was forwarded to Ld . ACC , Sadar for further investigation who sent the suicide note to FSL for examination . Call details of the suspect were obtained and on 17.2.2014 , the main file was entrusted to Ld . AACP , Vaishali Nagar . FSL Report with regard to suicide note was obtained by him . On 18.2.2014 , case file was sent to Deputy Commissioner for further investigation who took statements of Smt . Shrawni Devi , Smt . Vimla Devi , Smt . Kalawati , Smt . Radha Agarwal , Smt . Manju Chowdhary , Shri Deepakshi @ Charu , Shri Harish Agarwal under section 161 CrPC . Based on the investigation carried out as per the order no 8225 - 27 of DCP in case no 318/13 by the Deputy Commissioner and based on the evidence available on record , it is established that Accused persons ( 1 ) Khushboo ( 2 ) Dharampal ( 3 ) Smt . Sushila ( 4 ) Hawa Singh have committed