Medicine enrolled on a State Register , under any law in force in that State , and ( ii ) the right to practise ina State of those practitioners who have been practising Indian Medicine in that State for not less than five years where no register of Indian Medicine was maintained earlier . ” As it is not the case of any of the writ petitioners that they had acquired the degree in between 1957 ( sic 1967 ) and 1970 or on the date of enforcement of provisions of Section 17 ( 2 ) of the said Act and got themselves registered or acquired right to be registered , there is no question of getting the protection under sub-section ( 3 ) of Section 17 of the said Act . It is to be stated here that there is also no challenge as to the validity of the said Central Act , 1970 . The decision of the Delhi High Court therefore can not be assailed by the appellants . We may indicate here that it has been submitted by Mr Mehta and also by Ms Sona Khan appearing in the appeal arising out of Special Leave Petition No. 6167 of 1993 that proper consideration had not been given to the standard of education imparted by the said Hindi Sahitya Sammelan , Prayag and expertise acquired by the holders of the aforesaid degrees awarded by the said institution . In any event , when proper medical facilities have not been made available to a large number of poorer sections of the society , the ban imposed on the practitioners like the writ petitioners rendering useful service to the needy and poor people was wholly unjustified . It is not necessary for this Court to consider such submissions because the same remains in the realm of policy decision of other constitutional functionaries . We may also indicate here that what constitutes proper education and requisite expertise for a practitioner in Indian Medicine , must be left to the proper authority having requisite knowledge in the subject . As the decision of the Delhi High Court is justified on the face of legal position flowing from the said Central Act of 1970 , we do not think that any interference by this Court is called for . These appeals therefore are dismissed without any order as to costs . ” 16 ) It would be relevant to quote the following decision in Dr. Sarwan Singh Dardi vs. State of Punjab and Others AIR 1987 P&H 81 wherein it was held as under : oa