Since the definition of clerical error and errors other than clerical errors is not there in the Act , it is not proper to leave it to the judgment of Assistant Director Survey and Land Records whether particular survey error falls under the category of clerical error or errors other than clerical error . Therefore , the Assistant Director , Survey and Land Records shall send detailed technical report to Director , Survey Settlement and Land Records , regarding proposed error . This is purely a technical and nonstatutory function . The report so sent shall be examined at Directorate whether the error falls under the category of clerical error or error other than clerical error and the fact will be communicated to Assistant Director Survey and Land Records . On obtaining clearance from the Directorate , the Assistant Director shall send the file to District Revenue Officer to dispose of the case at District Revenue Officers level under Section 87 of the Land Revenue Act , if the error is a clerical error . If the error is other than clerical error , the District Revenue Officer , shall send proposals to Commissioner Survey Settlement and Land Records duly condoning the delay as per rules for disposal of the case by Commissioner , Survey , Settlement and Land Records , under Section 87-A of Land Revenue Act 1317 fasli . ” 18 . In response to the application made by the respondents under Section 87 of the Act and the Report given by the Assistant Director on 5 August , 1994 , the Director of Settlements , Survey and Land Records wrote to the District Collector on 19 " April , 1995 acknowledging that there is no record of any actual measurement of Survey No . 1009 since it is a large tract of land . He also stated that variation in calculating the area apparently in view of the rocky nature of the land could be between 10 % and 30 % . The fact that all the survey numbers had been measured , as mentioned in the Award , was lost sight of . 19 . Nevertheless , the Director stated that the measurement exercise C.A. Nos . /2018 ( @ SLP ( C ) Nos . 21856 - 21862 of 2010 ) Page 8 of 31