25 expenditure incurred to “ earn ” exempt income . The words ‘ in relation to ’ in Section 14A must be construed accordingly . Applying that principle to the facts at hand , the High Court concluded as under : “ Now , the dividend and interest are income . The question then is whether the assessee can be said to have incurred any expenditure at all or any part of the said expenditure in respect of the exempt income viz . dividend and interest that arose out of the securities that constituted the assessee ’s stock - in - trade . The answer must be in the negative . The purpose of the purchase of the said securities was not to earn income arising therefrom , namely , dividend and interest , but to earn profits from trading in i.e. purchasing and selling the same . It is axiomatic , therefore , that the entire expenditure including administrative costs was incurred for the purchase and sale of the stock - in - trade and , therefore , towards earning the business income from the trading activity of purchasing and selling the securities . Irrespective of whether the securities yielded any income arising therefrom , such as , dividend or interest , no expenditure was incurred in relation to the same . ” 24 ) We may also note here that the High Court referred to the judgment of the Karnataka High Court in CCI Ltd. case and concurred therewith . This judgment in CCI Ltd. is , however , a very short judgment which records the submission of counsel for the parties very briefly and thereafter the entire discussion is contained in para 5 that reads as under : “ 5S. When no expenditure is incurred by the assessee in earning the dividend income , no notional expenditure could be deducted from the said income . It is not the case of the assessee retaining any shares so as to have the benefit of dividend . 63 % of the shares , which were purchased , are sold and the income derived therefrom is offered to tax as business income . The remaining 37 % of the shares are retained . It has remained unsold with the assessee . It is those unsold shares have yielded dividend , for which , the assessee has not incurred any expenditure at all . Though the dividend income is