16 “ Certain incomes are not includable while computing the total income as these are exempt under various provisions of the Act . There have been cases where deductions have been claimed in respect of such exempt income . This in effect means that the tax incentive given by way of exemptions to certain categories of income is being used to reduce also the tax payable on the non - exempt income by debiting the expenses incurred to earn the exempt income against taxable income . This is against the basic principles of taxation whereby only the net income , i.e. , gross income minus the expenditure is taxed . On the same analogy , the exemption is also in respect of the net income . Expenses incurred can be allowed only to the extent they are relatable to the earning of taxable income . It is proposed to insert a new section 14A so as to clarify the intention of the Legislature since the inception of the Income - tax Act , 1961 , that no deduction shall be made in respect of any expenditure incurred by the assessee in relation to income which does not form part of the total income under the Income - tax Act . The proposed amendment ’ will take effect retrospectively from April 1 , 1962 and will accordingly , apply in relation to the assessment year 1962 - 63 and subsequent assessment years . ” 16 . As observed by the Supreme Court in the case of CIT v. Walfort Share and Stock Brokers P Ltd : 326 ITR 1 ( SC ) , the insertion of section 14 A with retrospective effect reflects the serious attempt on the part of Parliament not to allow deduction in respect of any expenditure incurred by the assessee in relation to income , which does not form part of the total income under the said act against the taxable income . The Supreme Court further observed as under : “ .. In other words , section 14 A clarifies that expenses incurred can be allowed only to the extent that they are relatable to the earning of taxable income . In many cases the nature of expenses incurred by the assessee may be relatable partly to the exempt income and partly to the taxable income . In the absence of section 14A , the expenditure incurred in respect of exempt income was being claimed against taxable income . The mandate of section 14A is clear . It desires to curb the practice to claim deduction of expenses incurred _ in