28 Sons read as under : “ 6 . Mr. Sarkar , the learned advocate appearing on behalf of the revenue , has , on the other hand , supported the order passed by the Tribunal and has contended that the assessee itself having failed to produce material in support of its contention , the Assessing Officer rightly assessed the deductible income on proportionate basis . Mr. Sarkar submits that the same is in conformity with Rule 8D of the Income tax Rule and thus , we should not interfere with the order passed by the Tribunal . 7 . After hearing the learned counsel appearing for the parties and after going through the materials on record and the decisions cited by Mr. Khaitan , we find that the Supreme Court in the cases of CIT v. Maharastra Sugar Mills Ltd. [ 1971 ] 82 ITR 452 and Rajasthan State Warehousing Corpn . v. CIT [ 2000 ] 242 ITR 450/109 Taxman 145 having held that where there is one indivisible business giving rise to taxable income as well as exempt income , the entire expenditure incurred in relation to that business would have to be allowed even if a part of the income earned from the business is exempt from tax , section 14A of the Act was enacted to overcome those judicial pronouncements . The object of section 14A of the Act is to disallow the direct and indirect expenditure incurred in relation to income which does not form part of the total income . 8 . In the case before us , there is no dispute that part of the income of the assessee from its business is from dividend which is exempt from tax whereas the assessee was unable to produce any material before the authorities below showing the source from which such shares were acquired . Mr. Khaitan strenuously contended before us that for the last few years before the relevant previous year , no new share has been acquired and thus , the loan that was taken and for which the interest is payable by the assessee was not for acquisition of those old shares and , therefore , the authorities below erred in law in giving benefit of proportionate deduction . 9 . In our opinion , the mere fact that those shares were old ones and not acquired recently is immaterial . It is for the assessee to show the source of acquisition of those shares by production of materials that those were acquired from the funds available in the hands of the assessee at the relevant point of time without taking benefit of any loan . If those shares were purchased from the amount taken in loan , even for instance , five or ten years ago , it is for the assessee to show by the production of documentary evidence that such loaned