repulsive to the collective conscience of the society . It is clear that he does not value the lives of others in the least . The fact that the murders in this case were committed in such a deliberate and diabolic manner even beyond the slight expectation of the victims , without any provocation whatsoever from the side of the victims that too having enjoyed the hospitality and kindness of the victims , indicate the cold blooded and premeditated approach of the accused to put to death the victims which included two innocent children in their earlier teenages also , for a sordid purpose . 232 . It was clearly come out that his wife and child are not residing with the accused . He does not know even the school at which his wife is working as teacher . Even according to him , she has not cared to come to reside with him after the incident in this case . In fact , all my searches for extenuating circumstances in this case are in vain . From various judicial pronouncements of the Hon ’ ble Supreme Court of India on the subject , it has come out that in the choice of sentence the court has to weigh the aggravating and mitigating factors available on the facts of the case to find out whether special reasons do exist to categories [ categorize ] the case as one among the “ rarest of rare cases ” . 233 . The accused is a hardened criminal beyond any correction and rehabilitation . In this case the culpability has assumed the preparation of extreme depravity . The accused is a preferred example of blood thirsty , irreclaimable and hardened criminal . This court is of the view that , to spare such a criminal from the gallows is to render the justicing system suspect and to have recourse to the lesser alternative in sentencing this accused will be a mockery of justice . As this incident had sent tremors in the society and the collective conscience of the community as such was shocked , it is not to be humane but to be callous to allow such a criminal to return to the society . When multiple murders are committed in the most cruel , inhuman , extreme , brutal , gruesome , diabolic , revolting and dastardly manner , this court can not wriggle out of the infliction of the extreme penalty . Matters being so , special reasons do exist in this case under Section 354 ( 3 ) Cr . P.C. and this case comes within the category of “ rarest of rare case ” in which the “ lesser alternative is unquestionably foreclosed . ” R.P. ( Crl . ) No. 245 of 2010 in Crl . Appeal No. 811 of 2009 Page 3 of 19