10 notice in writing to the owner , to take delivery , as required by Section 5 ( 1 ) of the state Act . Under the Assam Act , it was only upon the service of a notice to that effect that no lability for compensation would lie with the requisitioning authority . The High Court absolved the state government on the basis of the definition of the expression ‘ owner ’ in Section 2 ( 30 ) of the Motor Vehicles Act , 1988 . Reversing the judgment , this Court held thus : “ 16 . . the High Court , without adverting to Section 5 of the Assam Act , merely on the basis of the definition of “ owner ” as contained in Section 2 ( 30 ) of the 1988 Act , mulcted the award payable by the owner of the vehicle . The High Court failed to appreciate that at the relevant time the offending vehicle was under the requisition of Respondent 1 State of Assam under the provisions of the Assam Act . Therefore , Respondent 1 was squarely covered under the definition of “ owner ” as contained in Section 2 ( 30 ) of the 1988 Act . The High Court failed to appreciate the underlying legislative intention in including in the definition of “ owner ” a person in possession of a vehicle either under an agreement of lease or agreement of hypothecation or under a hire-purchase agreement to the effect that a person in control and possession of the vehicle should be construed as the “ owner ” and not alone the registered owner . The High Court further failed to appreciate the legislative intention that the registered owner of the vehicle should not be held liable if the vehicle was not in his possession and control . The High Court also failed to appreciate that Section 146 of the 1988 Act requires that no person shall use or cause or allow any other person to use a motor vehicle in a public place without an insurance policy meeting the requirements of Chapter XI of the 1988 Act and the State Government has violated the statutory provisions of the 1988 Act . The Tribunal also erred in accepting the allegation of Respondent 2 that the vehicle was released on the date of the accident at 10.30 a.m. and the accident occurred at 10.30 a.m. without any evidence even though in the claim petition , it was stated that the accident had occurred at 10.15 a.m. ” ( Id at page 147 ) 10 The above observations would indicate that a combination of circumstances cumulatively weighed with this Court . Significantly , for the purposes of the present discussion , what emerges from the above judgment is the circumstance that the motor vehicle was on the date of the accident