( 5 ) For the purposes of sub-section ( 3 ) , a State Government may prescribe different amounts having regard to the period of delay on the part of the transferor or the transferee in reporting the fact of transfer of ownership of the motor vehicle or of the other person in making the application under sub-section ( 2 ) . 32 ( 6 ) On receipt of a report under sub-section ( 1 ) , or an application under sub-section ( 2 ) , the registering authority may cause the transfer of ownership to be entered in the certificate of registration . ( 7 ) A registering authority making any such entry shall communicate the transfer of ownership to the transferor and to the original registering authority , if it is not the original registering authority . ” 8 The decision of the Bench of two judges of this Court in Pushpa alias Leela ( supra ) was in a case where the offending vehicle was registered in the name of J who had sold it to S on 2 February 1993 and had given possession to the transferee . On the date of the transfer the truck was covered by a valid policy of insurance . Despite the sale of the vehicle the change of ownership was not reflected in the certificate of registration . The policy of insurance expired on 24 February 1993 . Subsequently S took out an insurance policy in the name of the registered owner and it was valid and subsisting when the accident took place on 7 May 1994 . The Tribunal held that no liability to pay compensation attached to J since he had ceased to be the owner of the vehicle after its sale on 2 February 1993 . S alone was held to be liable for the payment of compensation to the claimants . On these facts the Bench of two judges of this Court held as follows : “ 11 . It is undeniable that notwithstanding the sale of the vehicle neither the transferor Jitender Gupta nor the transferee Salig Ram took any step for the change of the name of the owner in the certificate of registration of the vehicle . In view of this omission Jitender Gupta must be deemed to continue as the owner of the vehicle for the purposes of the Act , even though under the civil law he ceased to be its owner after its sale on 2-2-1993 . ” ( Id at page 244 )