“ 15 .... The section , on a plain reading , is clear and specific . The criteria to be fulfilled for an order of eviction under the provision are : ( i ) that the non - residential accommodation is required bona fide by the landlord for the purpose of continuing or starting his business or that of any of his major sons ; and ( ii ) that the landlord or such person has no other reasonably suitable nonresidential accommodation of his own in his occupation in the city or town concerned . ” The legislature in enacting the provision has taken ample care to avoid any arbitrary or whimsical action of a landlord to evict his tenant . The statutory mandate is that there must be first a requirement by the landlord which means that it is not a mere whim or a fanciful desire by him ; further , such requirement must be bona fide which is intended to avoid a mere whim or desire . The “ bona fide requirement ” must be in praesenti and must be manifested in actual need which would evidence the court that it is not a mere fanciful or whimsical desire . The legislative intent is made further clear by making the provision that the landlord has no other reasonably suitable residential accommodation of his own in his occupation in the city or town concerned . This requirement lays stress that the need is pressing and there is no reasonably suitable alternative for the landlord but to get the tenant evicted from the accommodation . Similar statutory provision is made in clause ( e ) of Section 12(1 ) of the Act in respect of accommodation let for residential purposes . Thus , the legislative mandate being clear and unambiguous , the court is duty - bound to examine not merely the requirement of the landlord as pleaded in the eviction petition but also whether any other reasonably suitable non - residential accommodation in his occupation in the city / town is available .... ” 10 . Based on the documents Exs . D-13 to D-15 and Ex . D-25 , the trial court held that the documents show that Rajendra Kumar was doing the business under the name “ Rajendra Bartan Bhandar ” and that Rajendra Kumar can not be said to be unemployed . After