15 . Rights of the parties stand crystallised on the date of institution of the suit . However , in appropriate cases , court can take note of all the subsequent events . Observing that the court may permit subsequent event being introduced into the pleadings by way of amendment as it would be necessary to do so for the performance of determining the rule in controversy for the parties provided certain conditions are being satisfied , in Om Prakash Gupta v. Ranbir B. Goyal , ( 2002 ) 2 SCC 256 , it was held as under : “ 11 . The ordinary rule of civil law is that the rights of the parties stand crystallised on the date of the institution of the suit and , therefore , the decree in a suit should accord with the rights of the parties as they stood at the commencement of the lis . However , the Court has power to take note of subsequent events and mould the relief accordingly subject to the following conditions being satisfied : ( / ) that the relief , as claimed originally has , by reason of subsequent events , become inappropriate or can not be granted ; ( i/ ) that taking note of such subsequent event or changed circumstances would shorten litigation and enable complete justice being done to the parties ; and ( ii ) that such subsequent event is brought to the notice of the court promptly and in accordance with the rules of procedural law so that the opposite party is not taken by surprise . In Pasupuleti Venkateswarlu v. Motor & General Traders ( 1975 ) 1 SCC 770 , this Court held that a fact arising after the lis , coming to the notice of the court and having a fundamental impact on the right to relief or the manner of moulding it and brought diligently to the notice of the court can not be blinked at . The court may in such cases bend the rules of procedure if no specific provision of law or rule of fair play is violated for it would promote substantial justice provided that there is absence of other disentitling factors or just circumstances . The Court speaking through Krishna lyer , J. affirmed the proposition that the court can , so long as the litigation pends , take note of updated facts to promote substantial justice . However , the Court cautioned : ( / ) the event should be one as would stultify or render inept the decretal remedy , ( i/ ) rules of procedure may be bent if no specific provision or fair play is violated and there is no other special circumstance repelling resort to that course in 11