arising out of violation of the Act or the provisions of the Regulations framed thereunder is concerned . Prosecution under Section 24 of the Act for violation of the provisions of any of the Regulations , of course , has to be on the basis of proof beyond reasonable doubt . 31 . The conclusion has to be gathered from various circumstances like that volume of the trade effected : the period of persistence in trading in the particular scrip : the particulars of the buy and sell orders , namely , the volume thereof ; the proximity of time between the two and such other relevant factors . The fact that the broker himself has initiated the sale of a particular quantity of the scrip on any particular day and at the end of the day approximately equal number of the same scrip has come back to him : that trading has gone on without settlement of accounts i.e. without any payment and the volume of trading in the illiquid scrips , all , should raise a serious doubt in a reasonable man as to whether the trades are genuine . The failure of the brokers/sub-brokers to alert themselves to this minimum requirement and their persistence in trading in the particular scrip either over a long period of time or in respect of huge volumes thereof , in our considered view , would not only disclose negligence and lack of due care and caution but would also demonstrate a deliberate intention to indulge in trading beyond the forbidden limits thereby attracting the provisions of the FUTP Regulations . " [ underlining added ] 24 . In Nirmal Bang Securities Private Ltd. v . The Chairman , Securities and Exchange Board of India ( MANU/SB/0206 / 2003 ) , SAT applied the test of price , quantity and time to hold that synchronized trading in that case was violative of norms of trading in securities and held as under : " 249 . BEB has been charged for synchronized deals with First Global . | have examined the data provided by the parties on this issue . | find many transactions between BEB and FGSB . There are many instances of such transactions . | find the scrip , quantity and price for these orders had been synchronized by the counter party brokers . Such transactions undoubtedly create an artificial market to mislead the genuine investors . Synchronized trading is violative of all prudential and transparent norms of trading in securities . Synchronized trading on a large scale , can create false volumes . The argument that the parties had no means of knowing whether 73