37 . In the context of 1995 Regulations , old Regulation 4 ( 2 ) ( a ) , SAT , observing that if the factum of manipulation is established , it will necessarily follow that the investors in the market had been induced to buy and sell and no further proof is required in this regard , in Ketan Parekh 's case ( supra ) , held as under : " 42 . .... The stock exchange is also a platform for the fair price discovery of a scrip based on the market forces of demand and supply . Securities market is so wide spread and in a system of screen based trading various potential investors who track the scrips through the screens of the exchanges only see whether a particular scrip is active or not , whether it is trading in large volumes and whether the price is going up or down . Having regard to these factors he makes up his mind to invest or disinvest in the securities . When a person takes part in or enters into transactions in securities with the intention to artificially raise or depress the price he thereby automatically induces the innocent investors in the market to buy/sell their stocks . The buyer or the seller is invariably influenced by the price of the stocks and if that is being manipulated the person doing so is necessarily influencing the decision of the buyer/seller thereby inducing him to buy or sell depending upon how the market has been manipulated .... In other words , if the factum of manipulation is established it will necessarily follow that the investors in the market had been induced to buy or sell and that no further proof in this regard is required . The market , as already observed , is so wide spread that it may not be humanly possible for the Board to track the persons who were actually induced to buy or sell securities as a result of manipulation and law can never impose on the Board a burden which is impossible to be discharged . This , in our view , clearly flows from the plain language of Regulation 4 ( a ) of the Regulations . " 38 . The smooth operation of the securities market and its healthy growth and development depends upon large extent on the quality and integrity of the market . Unfair trade practices affect the integrity and 82