Commissioner of Income Tax ( Central)-I ] , New Delhi v. Vatika Township Private Limited ® wherein it was observed as under : “ 27 . A legislation , be it a statutory Act or a statutory rule or a statutory notification , may physically consists of words printed on papers . However , conceptually it is a great deal more than an ordinary prose . There is a special peculiarity in the mode of verbal communication by a legislation . A legislation is not just a series of statements , such as one finds in a work of fiction / non - fiction or even in a judgment of a court of law . There is a technique required to draft a legislation as well as to understand a legislation . Former technique is known as legislative drafting and latter one is to be found in the various principles of “ interpretation of statutes ” . Vis - a - vis ordinary prose , a legislation differs in its provenance , layout and features as also in the implication as to its meaning that arise by presumptions as to the intent of the maker thereof . 28 . Of the various rules guiding how a legislation has to be interpreted , one established rule is that unless a contrary intention appears , a legislation is presumed not to be intended to have a retrospective operation . The idea behind the rule is that a current law should govern current activities . Law passed today can not apply to the events of the past . If we do something today , we do it keeping in view the law of today and in force and not tomorrow 's backward adjustment of it . Our belief in the nature of the law is founded on the bedrock that every human being is entitled to arrange his affairs by relying on the existing law and should not find that his plans have been retrospectively upset . This principle of law is known as /ex prospicit non respicit : law looks forward not backward . As was observed in Phillips v. Eyre [ ( 1870 ) LR 6 QB 1 ] , a retrospective legislation is contrary to the general principle that legislation by which the conduct of mankind is to be regulated when introduced for the first time to deal with future acts ought not to change the character of past transactions carried on upon the faith of the then existing law . 29 . The obvious basis of the principle against retrospectivity is the principle of “ fairness ” , which must be the basis of every legal rule as was observed in L'Office Cherifien des Phosphates v. Yamashita - Shinnihon Steamship Co. Ltd. Thus , legislations which modified accrued rights or which 8 ( 2015)1SCC1 Civil Appeal No . 2013 of 2014 with Ors . Page 42 of 44