Tyre International Limited & Ors . ° : “ 8 . Mr N.A. Palkhivala , learned counsel for the assessees , has propounded three principles which , he contends , form the essential characteristics of a duty of excise . Firstly , he says , excise is a tax on manufacture or production and not on anything else . Secondly , uniformity of incidence is a _ basic characteristic of excise . And thirdly , the exclusion of post - manufacturing expenses and post - manufacturing profits is necessarily involved in the first principle and helps to achieve the second . Learned counsel urges that where excise duty is levied on an ad valorem basis the value on which such duty is levied is a “ conceptual value ” , and that the conceptual nature is borne out by the circumstance that the identity of the manufacturer and the identity of the goods as well as the actual wholesale price charged by _ the manufacturer are not the determining factors . It is urged that the old Section 4(a ) clearly indicates that a conceptual value forms the basis of the levy , and that the actual wholesale price charged by the particular assessee can not be the basis of the excise levy . It is said that the criterion adopted in clause ( a ) succeeds in producing uniform taxation , whether the assessees are manufacturers who sell their goods in wholesale , semi - wholesale or in retail , whether they have a vast selling and marketing network or have none , whether they sell at depots and branches or sell at the factory gate , and whether they load the ex - factory price with post - manufacturing expenses and profits or do not do so . Because the value of the article rests on a conceptual base , it is urged , the result of the assessment under Section 4(a ) can not be different from the result of an assessment under Section 4(b ) . The contention is that the principle of uniformity of taxation requires the exclusion of post - manufacturing expenses and profits , a factor which would vary from one manufacturer to another . It is pointed out that such exclusion is necessary to create a direct and immediate nexus between the levy and _ the manufacturing activity , and to bring about a uniformity in the incidence of the levy . Learned counsel contends that the position is the same under the new Section 4 which , he says , must need be so because of the 5 ( 1984 ) 1 SCC 467 Civil Appeal No . 2013 of 2014 with Ors . Page 19 of 44