fundamental nature of the principles propounded earlier . Referring to the actual language of the new Section 4(1)(a ) , it is pointed out that the expression “ normal price ” therein means “ normal for the purposes of excise ” , that is to say , that the price must exclude post - manufacturing expenses and post - manufacturing profit and must not be loaded with any extraneous element . It is conceded , however , that under the new Section 4(1)(a ) there is no attempt to preserve uniformity as regards the amount of duty between one manufacturer and another , but it is urged that the basis on which the value is determined is constituted by the same conceptual criterion , that   postmanufacturing expenses and post - manufacturing profit must be excluded . Considerable emphasis has been laid on the submission that as excise duty is a tax on the manufacture or production of goods it must be a tax intimately linked with the manufacture or production of the excisable article and , therefore , it can be imposed only on the assessable value determined with reference to the excisable article at the stage of completed manufacture and to no point beyond . To preserve this intimate link or nexus between the nature of the tax and the assessment of the tax , it is urged that all extraneous elements included in the “ value ” in the nature of postmanufacturing expenses and _ post - manufacturing profits have to be off - loaded . It is pointed out that factors such as volume , quantity and weight , which enter into the measure of the tax , are intimately linked with the manufacturing activity , and that the power of Parliament under Entry 84 of List | of the Seventh Schedule to the Constitution to legislate in respect of “ value ” is restricted by the conceptual need to link the basis for determining the measure of the tax with the very nature of the tax . XXX XXX XXX 10 . Besides this fundamental issue , there are other points of dispute , principally in respect of the connotation of the expression “ related person ” in the new Section 4 as well as the nature of the deductions which can be claimed by the assessee as _ postmanufacturing expenses and post - manufacturing profit from the price for the purpose of determining the “ value ” . Civil Appeal No . 2013 of 2014 with Ors . Page 20 of 44