excise on a commodity as soon as it comes into existence , no matter what happens to it afterwards , whether it be sold , consumed , destroyed , or given away . A taxing authority will not ordinarily impose such a duty , because it is much more convenient administratively to collect the duty ( as in the case of most of the Indian Excise Acts ) when the commodity leaves the factory for the first time , and also because the duty is intended to be an indirect duty which the manufacturer or producer is to pass on to the ultimate consumer , which he could not do if the commodity had , for example , been destroyed in the factory itself . It is the fact of manufacture which attracts the duty , even though it may be collected later ; .... ” The observations show that while the nature of an excise is indicated by the fact that it is imposed in respect of the manufacture or production of an article , the point at which it is collected is not determined by the point of time when its manufacture is completed but will rest on considerations of administrative convenience , and that generally it is collected when the article leaves the factory for the first time . In other words , the circumstance that the article becomes the object of assessment when it is sold by the manufacturer does not detract from its true nature , that it is a levy on the fact of manufacture . In a subsequent case , Governor - General - inCouncil v. Province of Madras [ 1945 FCR 179 : AIR 1945 FC 98 ] , the Privy Council referred to both Central Provinces and Berar Sales of Motor Spirit and Lubricants Taxation Act , 1938 [ AIR 1939 FC 1 , 6 : 1939 FCR 18 ] andProvince of Madras v. Boddu Paidanna and Sons [ 1942 FCR 90 , 101 : AIR 1942 FC 33 ] and affirmed that when excise was levied on a manufacturer at the point of the first sale by him “ that may be because the taxation authority imposing a duty of excise finds it convenient to impose that duty at the moment when the excisable article leaves the factory or workshop for the first time on the occasion of its sale . But that method of collecting the tax is an accident of administration ; it is not of the essence of the duty of excise , which is attracted by the manufacture itself . This Court had occasion to consider a similar question in R.C. Jallv . Union of Civil Appeal No . 2013 of 2014 with Ors . Page 22 of 44