service tax , which is an indirect tax , can be passed on by the service provider to the recepient of the service and , in this hue , the matter was discussed , as can be seen from the combined reading of paragraphs 21 and 22 which are to the following effect : “ 21 . It is thus clear that the judgments of this Court which referred to service tax being an indirect tax have reference only to service tax being an indirect tax in economic theory and not constitutional law . The fact that service tax may not , in given circumstances , be passed on by the service provider to the recipient of the service would not , therefore , make such tax any the less a service tax . It is important to bear this in mind , as the main prop of Shri Jaideep Gupta 's argument is that service tax being an indirect tax which must be passed on by virtue of the judgments of this Court , would make the recipient of the service the person on whom the tax is primarily leviable . 22 . Let us now examine some of the judgments relating to another indirect tax , namely , excise duty . Like service tax , excise duty is also in the economic sense , an indirect tax . The levy is on manufacture of goods ; and the taxable person is usually the manufacturer of those goods . InCentral Provinces and Berar Sales of Motor Spirit and Lubricants Taxation Act , 1938 , In re , the Federal Court decided , through Maurice Gwyer , C.J. , that excise duty under the Government of India Act , 1935 is a power to impose duty of excise upon the manufacturer of excisable articles at the stage of or in connection with manufacture or production . In a separate judgment , Jayakar , J. held that all duties of excise are levied on manufacture of excisable goods and can be levied and collected at any subsequent stage up to consumption . ” 14 ) It was also submitted that while dealing with the valuation of a taxable service , the provision which deals with valuation has to be taken into consideration and no assistance can be taken from charging section , as held in Union of India & Ors . v. Bombay Civil Appeal No . 2013 of 2014 with Ors . Page 18 of 44