have explained , the standard adopted by the Legislature for determining the “ value ” may possess a broader base than that on which the charging provision proceeds . The acceptance of the further statement contained in the formulation of the third proposition , that the exclusion of post - manufacturing expenses and post - manufacturing profits helps to achieve uniformity of incidence in the levy of excise duty , depends on what is the point at which such uniformity of incidence is contemplated . It is not necessarily involved at the stage of sale of the article by the manufacturer because we find , for example , that under the amended Section 3(3 ) of the Central Excises and Salt Act , different tariff values may be fixed not only ( a ) for different classes or descriptions of the same excisable goods , but also ( b ) for excisable goods of the same class or description ( / ) produced or manufactured by different classes of producers or manufacturers , or ( ii ) sold to different classes of buyers . That the “ value ” of excisable goods determined under the new Section 4(1)(a ) may also vary according to certain circumstances is evident from the three clauses of the proviso to that clause . Clause ( / ) recognises that in the normal practice of wholesale trade the same class of goods may be sold by the assessee at different prices to different classes of buyers ; in that event , each such price shall , subject to the other conditions of clause ( a ) , be deemed to be the normal price of such goods in relation to each class of buyers . Clause ( ii ) provides that where the goods are sold in wholesale at a price fixed under any law or at a price being the maximum , fixed under any such law , then the price or the maximum price , as the case may be , so fixed , shall in relation to the goods be deemed to be the normal price thereof . Under clause ( iif ) , where the goods are sold in the course of wholesale trade by the assessee to or through a related person , the normal price shall be the price at which the goods are sold by the related person in the course of wholesale trade at the time of removal to dealers ( not being related persons ) or where such goods are not sold to such dealers , to dealers ( being related persons ) who sell such goods in retail . The verity of the three principles propounded by learned counsel for the assessees has been , as indeed it had to be , examined in the context of the Act before and after its amendment . For the case of the assessees is Civil Appeal No . 2013 of 2014 with Ors . Page 25 of 44