11 . The submissions made by learned counsel for the parties in support of their respective contentions cover a wide area , and several questions of a fundamental nature have been raised . We consider it necessary to deal with them because they enter into and determine the conclusions reached by us . 12 . We think it appropriate that at the very beginning we should briefly indicate the concept of a duty of excise . Both Entry 45 of List | of the Seventh Schedule to the Government of India Act , 1935 , under which the original Central Excises and Salt Act was enacted , and Entry 84 of List | of the Seventh Schedule to the Constitution under which the Amendment Act of 1973 was enacted , refer to “ Duties of excise on ... goods manufactured or produced in India ” . A duty of excise , according to the Federal Court in The Central Provinces and Berar Sales of Motor Spirit and Lubricants Taxation Act , 1938 [ AIR 1939 FC 1 , 6 : 1939 FCR 18 ] is a duty ordinarily levied on the manufacturer or producer in respect of the manufacture or production of the commodity taxed . A distinction was drawn between the nature of the tax and the point at which it was collected , and Gwyer , C.J. observed that theoretically “ . . there can be no reason in theory why an excise duty should not be imposed even on the retail sale of an article , if the taxing Act so provides . Subject always to the legislative competence of the taxing authority , a duty on home - produced goods will obviously be imposed at the stage which the authority finds to be the most convenient and the most lucrative , wherever it may be ; but that is a matter of the machinery of collection , and does not affect the essential nature of the tax . The ultimate incidence of an excise duty , a typical indirect tax , must always be on the consumer , who pays as he consumes or expends ; and it continues to be an excise duty , that is , a duty on home - produced or home - manufactured goods , no matter at what stage it is collected .... ” ( emphasis supplied ) . The position was explained further in Province of Madras v. Boddu Paidanna and Sons [ 1942 FCR 90 , 101 : AIR 1942 FC 33 ] where the Federal Court observed : “ ... There is in theory nothing to prevent the Central Legislature from imposing a duty of Civil Appeal No . 2013 of 2014 with Ors . Page 21 of 44