of Petroleum and Natural Gas . In so far as is material , the affidavit contains the following averments : “ a. With regard to the issue of doping of PDS Kerosene with marker , it may be informed that Ministry of Petroleum & Natural Gas vide letter No . P-11013/5/2006-Dist.dated 15.01.2007 , had advised the Oil Manufacturing Companies ( OMCs ) regarding amendments to MS & HSD control order , 2005 and Kerosene Control Order , 1993 enacted and published through Gazette notifications , wherein all Kerosene sold in India , whether under PDS or parallel marketing system , was to be blended with marker at five parts per Million ( ppm ) concentrations with the objective of preventing its diversion or adulteration of MS / HSD . Accordingly , doping of kerosene with Marker was introduced throughout the country . b. Subsequently , in the month of September , 2008 , it came to the notice of Vigilance Department of Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. ( IOCL ) , Northern Region that a brown chemical powder , provided to them by an informer could be used to negate the efficiency of Marker System . This was also corroborated in the findings in the Lab Test conditions . Since Marker System was found launderable , it was decided to discontinue the existing Marker System with effect from 01.01.2009 . c. Upon discontinuation of doping of marker in PDS kerosene with effect from 01.01.2009 , necessary amendments in the Motor Spirit and High Speed Diesel ( Regulation of Supply , Distribution and Prevention of Malpractices ) Order and the Kerosene ( Restriction on Use and Fixation of Ceiling Price ) Order were made . d. The Public Sector Oil Marketing Companies , ( OMCs ) have further informed that they have interacted with all the major Dispensing Unit manufacturers in India and , as per the feedback received , the current Dispensing Unit Manufacturers do not possess readymade technology for detecting adulteration during dispensation of fuel . It has been additionally informed that the ‘ test kit ’ for detection of marker was not a part of dispensing unit . OMCs have clarified that ‘ test kit ’ is essentially a chemical test which helps in detecting presence of marker doped kerosene ( i.e. , sample test indicates positive result when its colour changes to pink ) . ” The affidavit has also sets out the steps which have been taken by public sector oil manufacturing companies to conduct regular checks on the quality and