quantity of petrol and diesel being supplied by retail outlets to the public at large . These are as follows : “ a ) As aconstant drive , the PSU OMCs undertake regular and surprise inspection of Retail Outlets and take action under the provisions of the Marketing Discipline Guidelines ( MDG ) and Dealership Agreements against the outlets found indulging in irregularities / malpractices like adulteration , short delivery etc . Further , the MDG provides for termination of outlet in the first instance itself for serious malpractices like adulteration , tampering of seats and unauthorized fittings / gears in the dispensing units and graded penalties for other malpractices / irregularities . b ) The Motor Spirit and High Speed Diesel ( Regulation of Supply , Distribution and Prevention of Malpractices ) Order , 2005 issued by the Central Government under Essential Commodities Act , 1955 provides for punitive action against malpractices such as adulteration . Provisions are also available in the contractual documents and administrative guidelines to prevent malpractices in the trade of petroleum products . c ) A Quality Control Cell is also functional in each of the Public Sector OMCs which carries out surprise inspections at Ros for checking various irregularities including adulteration . It may be appreciation that during the last three years and current year ( upto June 2016 ) , OMCs have carried out 5,61,796 number of inspections at their Ros across the country . d ) Industry Transport Discipline Guidelines ( ITDG ) have been revised and strengthened in 2014 by making penal action more stringent . On first instance of established pilferage , Tank Truck is blacklisted and on second instance transportation contract is terminated and all TTs under that contract are blacklisted for two years across industry automatically through e - portal . There is a similar provision of penal action in case any tampering with Vehicle Tracking System ( VTS _ . e ) Furthermore , OMCs have resorted to other initiatives to prevent irregularities in Retail outlets and Monitoring of movement of tank trucks through Global Positioning System ( GPS ) . It is submitted that as on 01.09.2016 , there are 52653 number of Retail Outlets across India , out of which 18586 number of Retail Outlets are automated and 13211 number of Retail Outlets already compiled with the standard of “ No Automation No Operation ” ( NANO ) . The advantage of Retail Outlets complied with Standard NANO is that the dispensing unit becomes automatically non - operative if any efforts for