2 On 23 August 2013 when the petition came up for preliminary hearing , the following directions were issued : “ From para 5 onwards the writ petition makes several allegations against Devender Agrawal and one of his relative Dharmendra Agarwal . The petitioner has not however chosen to implead the said two parties as party respondents to the petition . At the oral request of the petitioner , we permit the petitioner to implead the said two persons as party respondent Nos . 2 and 3 respectively . Amended writ petition shall be filed within one week . Notice shall issue only after amended petition is filed . ” The above order indicates that a substantial part of the factual basis of the petition relates to Devender Agrawal and his relative , Dharmendra Agarwal . This is evident from paragraph 9 of the writ petition , which is extracted below : “ 9 . That Shri Agrawal owns a dozen of petty dealers of diesel and about a dozen of S.P.company petrol pumps in his name or in the names of near relations while the cost of one such petrol pump is about Rs 1 to 1.50 crores . The names of the main petty diesel dealers are : 1 ) Mukesh Automobiles , Hathras Jalesar Marg , Gangoli Hathras in the fraudulent name of Mukesh Kumar S / o Mahendra Pal Agrawal . Subsequently it was transferred to Nagla Salem ( Sadabad Behdoi Marg ) All formalities are done by Devender Agrawal @ Mukesh Kumar whereas no allotment can be made in the alias name and the same is contrary to the guideline of the Petroleum Ministry . 2 ) Petty Diesel dealer license obtained in the name of Pooran Singh S / o Shri Chandrapal Singh Singh at Jalesar Marg , Hathras Junction . 3 ) Petty Diesel dealer license at Hathras - Jalesar Marg , village Bhopatpur , in the name of Rakesh Agrawal brother of Devender Agrawal . 4 ) Petty Diesel dealer at Hathras - Sadabad Marg , near Kachhpura ( Bisana ) in the name of Manohar Lal . 5 ) Petty Diesel dealer license at Hathras - Aligarh Marg near Hanuman Chowki , Village Basai Qaji , obtained fraudulently