4 The second aspect which has been dealt with in the order of this Court dated 26 August 2016 is the adulteration of petroleum products . Under paragraph 8A of the Kerosene ( Restriction on Use and Fixation of Ceiling Price ) Amendment Order , 2007 , all kerosene sold in India is required to be blended with a marker at five parts per million ( ppm ) concentration with a view to preventing its diversion or use for adulteration of other petroleum products . This Court directed that an affidavit be filed by the Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas to clarify whether the petrol and diesel vending machines are sensitive to the above marker and would decline to dispense the product if the same is adulterated by the use of kerosene . On this aspect the order dated 26 August 2016 is extracted below : “ Mr. Kumar has also drawn our attention to Kerosene ( Restriction on Use and Fixation of Ceiling Price ) Amendment Order , 2007 . He submits that in terms of Rule 8A of the said Order all kerosene sold in India , whether under the public distribution system or parallel marketing system , has to be blended with a marker at five parts per million ( ppm ) concentration with a view to preventing its diversion or use for adulteration of other petroleum products . He submits that according to his instructions kerosene is now being sold through public distribution systems and parallel marketing systems duly blended with marker as required under the said Rule . He is , however , unable to say whether the petrol and diesel vending / dispensing machines , installed in the petrol and diesel vending stations , are sensitive to the said marker and whether the machines refuse to dispense the product if the same is adulterated by use of kerosene . He submits that given time , he will file an additional affidavit of the concerned officer to clarify the position . He may do so . The affidavit shall also clarify whether technology today permits use of any machine that can detect adulteration of the product and decline to dispense the same in case it is adulterated . The affidavit may also indicate whether “ test kit ” referred to in sub - clause 5 ( ii ) ( ka ) of clause 2 of the Order , mentioned above , is a part of the dispensing machine or is independent of the same . ”