The allegation is that Devender Agrawal owns multiple dealerships for the distribution of petroleum products , and they are held in the names of persons closely related to or associated with him . It is in this view of the matter that this Court considered it necessary to allow the impleadment of the aforesaid individual against whom allegations have been made . On 11 March 2015 the Solicitor General was requested to assist the Court . 3 On 26 August 2016 this Court allowed the impleadment of the Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas . In the order of this Court , reference was also made to the allegations contained in paragraph 9 of the writ petition . This Court directed a fact finding inquiry into the averments contained in paragraph 9 , by an officer of the rank of Joint Secretary to the Government of India , to be nominated by the Secretary in the Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas . The relevant part of the order reads thus : “ Having heard learned counsel for the parties , we are inclined to direct a fact finding enquiry into the averments made in the above paragraph , by an officer of the rank of Joint Secretary to Government of India , to be nominated by the Secretary , Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas . The Enquiry Officer , so appointed , shall look into the allegations , made in para “ 9 ” and submit a report , after holding an enquiry into the relevant facts . The petitioner may furnish the details and supporting materials , if so advised , to the Enquiry Officer within two weeks from today . The Enquiry Officer shall be free to take such assistance of the licensing authorities concerned who have issued licences to the dealers concerned as may be necessary . Enquiry Officer shall also be assisted in all respects by the District Administration of the State Government . Needless to say that the Enquiry Officer shall issue a notice to respondent NO.2- Devender Agrawal alias Mukesh Kumar / Agrawal for purpose of holding an enquiry and take into consideration the materials that may be placed on record by him while drawing his conclusion . ”