in the name of Santosh Kumar S / o Netrapal , servant of Devendra Agrawal . 6 ) Petty Diesel dealer license in Qasba Mindu at Hathras in the name of Suresh Chandra and partner Shri Deepak Kumar . Deepak Kumar is the brother of the wife of Devendra Agrawal . 7 ) Petty Diesel dealer license at Hathras - Jalesar Marg , at Nagla Islamia in the name of Praveen Kumar S / o Gopal Dass Agrawal . Praveen Kumar is the brother of the wife of Devendra Agrawal . MAIN COMPANY PETROL PUMPS l ) Village Utara Block Sasni , District Mahamayanagar in the name of Prem Prakash Sharma . Il ) Devende Automobile , Ladpur Block , Hathras , in the name of Deepak Agrawal . Tin No.0962701283C. Depak Kumar is the brother of the wife of Devendra Agrawal . He also has Petty a Diesel License at Qasba Maindu . Ill ) Village Keshopur - Maho Block Hathras in the name of Santosh Kumar , servant of Devender Agrawal . He also has a license for Petty Diesel dealer at Village Basai , near Hanuman Chowki . IV ) Rahul Automobiles , Barwana - Hathras Junction to Jalesar Road in the name of Shrawan Kumar Agrawal Tin No.09127502025C. Shrawan Kumar is the brother of the wife of Devender Agrawal . V ) Shrawan Kumar Automobile in the name of Devender Agrawal at O Marora ( Kajrauth ) Block Iglas , District Aligarh . Tin No.09127400903 . This Tin No . is in the name of Jai Maa Durga Automobile . Hatheas registered in the name Devender Agrawal . VI ) Mayank Automobiles Sonai ( Aligarh ) owned by Smt . Renu Agrawal W / o Rakesh Agrawal , brother of Devender Agrawal . Vil ) Pradeep Automobiles , Khtauli - Katailiya ( Sasni ) , in the name of Ramji Lal Agrawal and Pradeep Kumar Tin No.09327401402 . Vill ) © Qasba Vijaygarh , Block Akrabad , Aligarh in the name of Jai Kishore Agrawal , relation of Devender Agrawal . IX ) Chandan Automobile , Kuktai , Sadabad - Agra Marg , near Mandi Samiti in the name of Devender Agrawal . There are two Petty Diesel dealer licenses in the name of Deepak Agrawal — one at Maindu Hathras and the other in the name of Devender Automobiles at Ladpur - Hathras whereas two such licenses in the name of one person is contrary to the rules . ”