[ See State of U.P. v. Amarmani Tripathi ( SCC p. 31 , para 18 ) , Prahlad Singh Bhati v. NCT of Delhi , and Ram Govind Upadhyay v. Sudarshal Singh . ] 10 . It is manifest that if the High Court does not advert to these relevant considerations and mechanically grants bail , the said order would suffer from the vice of nonapplication of mind , rendering it to be illegal . In Masroor , a Division Bench of this Court , of which one of us ( D.K. Jain , J. ) was a member , observed as follows : ( SCC p. 290 , para 13 ) “ 13 ... Though at the stage of granting bail an elaborate examination of evidence and detailed reasons touching the merit of the case , which may prejudice the accused , should be avoided , but there is a need to indicate in such order reasons for prima facie concluding why bail was being granted particularly where the accused is charged of having committed a serious office . ” ( See also State of Maharashtra v. Ritesh , Panchanan Mishra v. Digambar Mishra , Vijay Kumar v. Narendra and Anwari Begum v. Sher Mohammad . ) 11 . We are constrained to observe that in the instant case , while dealing with the application of the accused for grant of bail , the High Court completely lost sight of the basic principles enumerated above . The accused , in the present case , is alleged to have committed a heinous crime of killing an old helpless lady by strangulation . He was seen coming out of the victim ’s house by a neighbour around the time of the alleged occurrence , giving rise to a reasonable belief that he had committed the murder . We feel that under the given circumstances , it was not the stage at which bail under Section 439 of the Code should have been granted to the accused , more so , when even charges have not yet been framed . ” 12 ) Mr. Manan Kumar Mishra , learned senior counsel appearing for the accused , strongly refuted the aforesaid submissions . He referred to the same very reports of the expert bodies and Criminal Appeal No. 569 of 2018 & Anr . @ SLP ( Crl . ) No. 5611 of 2017 & Anr . Page 12 of 23