question , in our opinion , is not at all relevant for our present purpose . A Mathadhipati is certainly not a corporate body ; he is the head of a spiritual fraternity and by virtue of his office has to perform the duties of a religious teacher . It is his duty to practice and propagate the religious tenets , of which he is an adherent and if any provision of law prevents him from propagating his doctrines , that would certainly affect the religious freedom which is guaranteed to every person under Article 25 . Institutions as such can not practice or propagate religion ; it can be done only by individual persons and whether these persons propagate their personal views or the tenets for which the institution stands is really immaterial for purposes of Article 25 . It is the propagation of belief that is protected , no matter whether the propagation takes place in a church or monastery , or in a temple or parlour meeting . ”’ ( emphasis supplied ) ( at p. 1021 ) With regard to whether a Math could come within the expression “ religious denomination ” under Article 26 , this Court laid down the following tests : ‘ In State Trading Corporation of India Ltd. v. Commercial Tax Officer and Ors. , ( 1964 ) 4 SCR 99 , a majority of 9 Judges held that the S.T.C. , which is a company registered under the Indian Companies Act , 1956 , is not a citizen within the meaning of Article 19 of the Constitution of India . In a concurring judgment by Hidayatullah , J. , the learned Judge , in arriving at this result , held that Articles 15 , 16 , 18 and 29 ( 1 ) clearly refer to natural persons , i.e. , individuals ( See p. 127 ) . The learned Judge went on to hold that in Articles 14 , 20 , 27 and 31 , the word “ person ” would apply to individuals as well as to corporations ( See p. 147 ) . What is conspicuous by its absence is Article 25 ( 1 ) , which also uses the word “ person ” , which , as Shirur Math ( supra ) states above , can apply only to natural persons . Consequently , the argument that an idol can exercise fundamental rights contained in Article 25 ( 1 ) , as urged by some of the Respondents , must be rejected .