PART F 37 ‘ In a strong dissent , Chief Justice Sinha concluded that the matter of excommunication was not purely of a religious nature . Clarifying that his analysis was confined to the civil rights of the members of the community , Justice Sinha opined : “ 11 ... The impugned Act , thus , has given full effect to modern notions of individual freedom to choose one ’s way of life and to do away with all those undue and outmoded interferences with liberty of conscience , faith and belief . It is also aimed at ensuring human dignity and removing all those restrictions which prevent a person from living his own life so long as he did not interfere with similar rights of others . ” Justice Sinha drew a distinction between ‘ matters of religion ’ as protected under Article 26 ( b ) and activities associated with religion , though not intimately connected with it : “ 18 ... Now , Art. 26 ( b ) itself would seem to indicate that a religious denomination has to deal not only with matters of religion , but other matters connected with religion , like laying down rules and regulations for the conduct of its members and the penalties attached to infringement of those rules , managing property owned and possessed by the religious community , etc. , etc . We have therefore , to draw a line of demarcation between practises consisting of rites and ceremonies connected with the particular kind of worship , which is the tenet of the religious community , and practises in other matters which may touch the religious institutions at several points , but which are not intimately concerned with rites and ceremonies the performance of which is an essential part of the religion . ” Justice Sinha noticed the extreme consequences that follow excommunication : “ 24 . On the social aspect of excommunication , one is inclined to think that the position of an excommunicated person becomes that of an untouchable in his community , and if that is so , the Act in declaring such practises to be void has only carried out the strict injunction of Art. 17 of the Constitution , by 55