PART H the head of the Kashi Mutt settled the disputes among the Archakas , and that they agreed to do the puja under his orders . The uncontradicted evidence of PW 1 also shows that during certain religious ceremonies , persons other than Gowda Saraswath Brahmins have been wholly excluded . This evidence leads irresistibly to the conclusion that the temple is a denominational one , as contended for by the appellants . ” ( Emphasis supplied ) This was , in other words , not just a sect associated with the community but one associated with the foundation and maintenance of the temple . This was coupled with a spiritual head who was responsible for the performance of religious worship . The Court noted that a deed of endowment proved that the temple was founded for the benefit of the Gowda Saraswath community , and concluded that the Sri Venkateshwara Temple qualified as a denominational temple . “ 15 ... When there is a question as to the nature and extent of a dedication of a temple , that has to be determined on the terms of the deed of endowment if that is available , and where it is not , on other materials legally admissible ; and proof of long and uninterrupted user would be cogent evidence of the terms thereof . Where , therefore , the original deed of endowment is not available and it is found that all persons are freely worshipping in the temple without let or hindrance , it would be a proper inference to make that they do so as a matter of right , and that the original foundation was for their benefit as well . But where it is proved by production of the deed , of endowment or otherwise that the original dedication was for the benefit of a particular community , the fact that members of other communities were allowed freely to worship can not lead to the inference that the dedication was for their benefit as well .... On the findings of the Court below that the foundation was originally for the benefit of the Gowda Saraswath Brahmin community , the fact that other classes of Hindus were admitted freely into the temple would not have the effect of enlarging the scope of the dedication into one for the public generally . On a 80