Art. 26 . Hence , every member of the community has the right , so long as he does not in any way interfere with the corresponding rights of others , to profess , practice and propagate his religion , and everyone is guaranteed his freedom of conscience . ........ . The Constitution has left every person free in the matter of his relation to his Creator , if he believes in one . It is , thus , clear that a person is left completely free to worship God according to the dictates of his conscience , and that his right to worship as he pleased is unfettered so long as it does not come into conflict with any restraints , as aforesaid , imposed by the State in the interest of public order , etc . A person is not liable to answer for the verity of his religious views , and he can not be questioned as to his religious beliefs , by the State or by any other person . Thus , though his religious beliefs are entirely his own and his freedom to hold those beliefs is absolute , he has not the absolute right to act in any way he pleased in exercise of his religious beliefs . He has been guaranteed the right to practice and propagate his religion , subject to the limitations aforesaid . His right to practice his religion must also be subject to the criminal laws of the country , validly passed with reference to actions which the legislature has declared to be of a penal character . Laws made by a competent legislature in the interest of public order and the like , restricting religious practices , would come within the regulating power of the State . For example , there may be religious practices of sacrifice of human beings , or sacrifice of animals in a way deleterious to the wellbeing of the community at large . It is open to the State to intervene , by legislation , to restrict or to regulate to the extent of completely stopping such deleterious practices . It must , therefore , be held that though the freedom of conscience is guaranteed to every individual so that he may hold any beliefs he likes , his actions in pursuance of those beliefs may 25