PART F matters of religion guaranteed under Article 26 ( b ) was subject to , and could be controlled by , a law protected by Article 25 ( 2 ) ( b ) , throwing open a Hindu public temple to all classes and sections of Hindus : “ Article 26 , it was contended , should therefore be construed as falling wholly outside Art. 25 ( 2 ) ( b ) , which should be limited to institutions other than denominational ones ... The answer to this contention is that it is impossible to read any such limitation into the language of Art. 25 ( 2 ) ( b ) . It applies in terms to all religious institutions of a public character without qualification or reserve . As already stated , public institutions would mean not merely temples dedicated to the public as a whole but also those founded for the benefit of sections thereof , and denominational temples would be comprised therein . The language of the Article being plain and unambiguous , it is not open to us to read into it limitations which are not there , based on a priori reasoning as to the probable intention of the Legislature . Such intention can be gathered only from the words actually used in the statute ; and in a Court of law , what is unexpressed has the same value as what is unintended . We must therefore hold that denominational institutions are within Art. 25 ( 2 ) ( b ) . ” Applying the doctrine of harmonious construction , the Court held that the protection under Article 25 ( 2 ) ( b ) vanishes in its entirety if it is held that Article 26 ( b ) allows no exceptions or is not subject to Article 25 ( 2 ) ( b ) : “ If the denominational rights are such that to give effect to them would substantially reduce the right conferred by Art. 25 ( 2 ) ( b ) , then of course , on our conclusion that Art. 25 ( 2 ) ( b ) prevails as against Art. 26 ( b ) , the denominational rights must vanish . But where that is not the position , and after giving effect to the rights of the denomination what is left to the public of the right of worship is something substantial and not merely the husk of it , there is no reason why we should not so construe Art. 25 ( 2 ) ( b ) as to give effect to Art. 26 ( b ) and recognise the rights of the denomination in respect of matters which are strictly denominational , leaving the rights of the public in other respects unaffected . ” 49