amplify it by including something which , but for the second definition , would not be included by the first definition ... Custom and usage having in the territory of India the force of the law must be held to be contemplated by the expression “ all laws in force . ” PART K The use of the term ‘ includes ’ in the definition of the expression ‘ law ’ and ‘ laws in force ’ thus imports a wide meaning to both . Practices having the force of law in the territory of India are comprehended within “ laws in force . ” Prior to the adoption of Article 13 in the present form , draft Article 8 included only a definition of ‘ law ’ . '41 In October 1948 , the Drafting Committee brought in the definition of ‘ laws in force ’ . The reason for proposing this amendment emerges from the note ’ ? of the Drafting Committee : “ The expression “ laws in force ” has been used in clause ( 1 ) of 8 , but it is not clear if a law which has been passed by the Legislature but which is not in operation either at all or in particular areas would be treated as a law in force so as to attract the operation of clause ( 1 ) of this article . It is accordingly suggested that a definition of “ law in force ” on the lines of Explanation | to article 307 should be inserted in clause ( 3 ) of this article . ” The reason for a separate definition for ‘ laws in force ’ is crucial . The definition of ‘ laws in force ’ was inserted to ensure that laws passed by the legislature , but not in operation at all or in particular areas would attract the operation of Article 141 Shiva Rao , The Framing of India ’s Constitution , Vol Ill , at pages 520 , 521 . Draft Article 8 reads : “ 8 ( 1 ) All laws in force immediately before the commencement of this Constitution in the territory of India , in so far as they are inconsistent with the provisions of this Part , shall , to the extent of such inconsistency , be void . ( 2 ) The State shall not make any law which takes away or abridges the rights conferred by this Part and any law made in contravention of this clause shall , to the extent of the contravention , be void : * Provided that nothing in this clause shall prevent the State from making any law for the removal of any inequality , disparity , disadvantage or discrimination arising out of any existing law . ( 3 ) In this article , the expression “ law ” includes any ordinance , order , bye-law , rule , regulation , notification , custom or usage having the force of law in the territory of India or any part thereof . ” 142 Shiva Rao , The Framing of India ’s Constitution , Vol IV , at pages 26 , 27 139