PART | a broom to sweep away from behind himself the dust he trod on , lest a Hindu walking on the same dust should be polluted . In Poona , the Untouchable was required to carry an earthen pot hung around his neck wherever he went — for holding his spit , lest his spit falling on the earth should pollute a Hindu who might unknowingly happen to tread on it . ” 88 His autobiographical notes published after his death with the title “ Waiting for a Visa ” ® ® , contain reminiscences drawn by Dr Ambedkar on his own experiences with “ untouchability ” . Dr Ambedkar mentions several experiences from his childhood . No barber would consent to shave an untouchable . During his days as an Officer in Baroda State , he was denied a place to stay in quarters . In another note , which was handwritten by Dr Ambedkar and was later published with the title “ Frustration ” , he wrote : “ The Untouchables are the weariest , most loathed and the most miserable people that history can witness . They are a spent and sacrificed people ... To put it in simple language the Untouchables have been completely overtaken by a sense of utter frustration . As Mathew Arnold says “ life consists in the effort to affirm one ’s own essence ; meaning by this , to develop one ’s own existence fully and freely ... Failure to affirm ones own essence is simply another name for frustration ... ” Many people suffer such frustrations in their history . But they soon recover from the blight and rise to glory again with new vibrations . The case of the Untouchables stands on a different footing . Their frustration is frustration for ever . It is unrelieved by space or time . In this respect the story of the Untouchables stands in strange contrast with that of the Jews . ” ° ° 88 Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar : Writings and Speeches , ( Vasant Moon ed . ) Government of Maharashtra , Vol . 1 ( 2014 ) , at pages 39 89 Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar : Writings and Speeches , ( Vasant Moon ed . ) Government of Maharashtra , Vol . 12 ( 2014 ) , at pages 661-691 90 Ibid , at pages 733-735 102