wide interpretation , and the expressions ‘ religion ’ and ‘ religious denomination ’ must be interpreted in a “ liberal , expansive way ” : “ 21 ... the expression religious denomination may be defined with less difficulty . As we mentioned earlier Mukherjea , J. , borrowed the meaning of the word denomination from the Oxford Dictionary and adopted it to define religious denomination as a collection of individuals classed together under the same name , a religious sect or body having a common faith and organisation and designated by a distinctive name . The followers of Ramanuja , the followers of Madhwacharya , the followers of Vallabha , the Chistia Soofies have been found or assumed by the Court to be religious denominations . It will be noticed that these sects possess no distinctive names except that of their founder-teacher and_had no special organisation except a vaque , loose — un-knit one . The really distinctive feature about each one of these sects was a shared belief in the tenets taught by the teacher-founder . We take_care to mention here that whatever the ordinary features of a religious denomination may be considered to be , all are not of equal importance _ and_surely_the common faith of the religious _ body __ is __ more __ important __ than __ the _ other eatures ... Religious denomination has not to owe allegiance to any parent religion . The entire following of a religion may be no more than the religious denomination . This may be particularly be so in the case of small religious groups or developing religions , that is , religions in the formative stage . ” ( Emphasis supplied and internal quotations omitted ) 12.9 . The Respondents have made out a strong and plausible case that the worshippers of the Sabarimala Temple have the attributes of a religious denomination , or sect thereof , for the reasons enumerated hereinbelow : i . The worshippers of Lord Ayyappa at Sabarimala Temple constitute a religious denomination , or sect thereof , as the case maybe , following the ‘ Ayyappan Dharma ’ . They are designated by a distinctive name wherein all male devotees are called ‘ Ayyappans ’ ; all female devotees below the age of 10 years and above the age of 50 years , are called ‘ Malikapurnams ’ . A pilgrim Sl