PART K and any one provision is not , by construction , treated as nullifying the existence and effect of another . ” 192 In Puttaswamy , a unanimous verdict by a nine judge Bench declared privacy to be constitutionally protected , as a facet of liberty , dignity and individual autonomy . The Court held that privacy traces itself to the guarantee of life and personal liberty in Article 21 of the Constitution as well as to other facets of freedom and dignity recognized and guaranteed by the fundamental rights contained in Part Ill . The judgment of four judges held thus : “ 259 ... The coalescence of Articles 14 , 19 and 21 has brought into being a jurisprudence which recognises the _ interrelationship between rights . That is how the requirements of fairness and non-discrimination animate both the substantive and procedural aspects of Article 21 ... 19 ° 260 ... At a substantive level , the constitutional values underlying each Article in the Chapter on fundamental rights animate the meaning of the others . This development of the law has followed a natural evolution . The basis of this development after all is that every aspect of the diverse guarantees of fundamental rights deals with human beings . Every element together with others contributes in the composition of the human personality . In the very nature of things , no element can be read in a manner disjunctive from the composite whole . ” '34 Responding to the reasoning employed in Narasu , A M Bhattacharjee in his work ‘ Matrimonial Laws and the Constitution ’ , ' * > writes : “ ... the provisions of Article 15 ( 3 ) may also appear to be unnecessary to the extent that it refers to “ children ” . Article 15 ( 1 ) prohibiting discrimination on the ground of religion , race , caste , sex or place of birth does not prohibit any differential 182 Ibid , at page 413 133 Ibid , at page 477 184 Ibid , at page 478 185 A M Bhattacharjee , Matrimonial Laws and the Constitution , Eastern Law House ( 1996 ) at page 32 134