crack the coconuts only on a stone placed below the eighteen sacred steps ( Pathinettaam Padi ) . These changes had been brought about in order to preserve the temple and the precinct in all its gaiety and sanctity . ” ® ” ( Emphasis supplied ) PART H According to the above extract , in the “ olden days ” there was no ‘ religious prohibition ’ on the entry of women in the Sabarimala temple . But women visited the temple in fewer numbers for ‘ non-religious ’ reasons . The submission of the Board before the High Court reveals that the prohibition has not been consistently ® 7 Ibid , at page 45 88 Ibid , at page 45 followed even after the notification was issued . “ 8 . For the last 20 years women irrespective of their age were allowed to visit the temple when it opens for monthly poojas . They were not permitted to enter the temple during Mandalam , Makaravilakku and Vishu seasons . The rule that during these seasons no woman who is aged more than 10 and less than 50 shall enter the temple is scrupulously followed . ® 9 . The second respondent , former Devaswom Commissioner Smt . S. Chandrika in her counter-affidavit admitted that the first rice-feeding ceremony of her grandchild was conducted on the 1st of Chingam 1166 at Sabarimala temple while she was holding the post of Devaswom Commissioner ... The restriction regarding the entry of women in the age group 10 to 50 is there only during Mandalam , Makaravilakku and Vishu . As per the stipulations made by the Devaswom Board there is no restriction during the remaining period . When monthly poojas are conducted , women of all age groups used to visit Sabarimala . On the 1st of Chingam 1166 the first rice-feeding ceremony of other children were also conducted at the temple . No V.I.P. treatment was given to her grandchild on that day . The same facility was afforded to others also . Her daughter got married on 13-7-1984 and was not begetting a child for a considerably long time . She took a vow that the first ricefeeding ceremony would be performed at Sabarimala in case she begets a child . Hence the reason why the first rice-feeding ceremony of the child delivered by her was performed at that temple . The entry of young ladies in the temple during monthly poojas is not against the customs and practices followed in the temple ... ” 69 ( Emphasis supplied ) 69 Ibid , at pages 45-46 87