PART | thus lies in protecting the dignity of those who have been victims of discrimination , prejudice and social exclusion . Article 17 must be construed from the perspective of its position as a powerful guarantee to preserve human dignity and against the stigmatization and exclusion of individuals and groups on the basis of social hierarchism . Article 17 and Articles 15 ( 2 ) and 23 , provide the supporting foundation for the arc of social justice . Locating the basis of Article 17 in the protection of dignity and preventing stigmatization and social exclusion , would perhaps be the apt answer to Professor KT Shah ’s unanswered queries . The Constitution has designedly left untouchability undefined . Any form of stigmatization which leads to social exclusion is violative of human dignity and would constitute a form of “ untouchability ” . The Drafting Committee did not restrict the scope of Article 17 . The prohibition of “ untouchability ’ , as part of the process of protecting dignity and preventing stigmatization and exclusion , is the broader notion , which this Court seeks to adopt , as underlying the framework of these articles . 76 ‘ The practice of “ untouchability ’ , as pointed out by the members of the Constituent Assembly , is a symptom of the caste system . The root cause of “ untouchability ” is the caste system . % The caste system represents a 95 In his paper on “ Castes in India : Their Mechanism , Genesis and Development ” ( 1916 ) presented at the Columbia University , Dr Ambedkar wrote : “ The caste problem is a vast one , both theoretically and practically . Practically , it is an institution that portends tremendous consequences . It is a local problem , but one capable of much wider mischief , for as long as caste in India does exist , Hindus will hardly intermarry or have any social intercourse with outsiders ; and if Hindus migrate to other regions on earth , Indian caste would become a world problem ” . See Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar : Writings and Speeches , ( Vasant Moon ed . ) Government of Maharashtra , Vol . 1 ( 2014 ) , at pages 5-6 105