13.3 . of “ religion ” given by the Bombay High Court was discarded . It was held that all religious practises or performances of acts in pursuance of religious beliefs were as much a part of religion , as faith or belief in particular doctrines . This Court re-iterated the ‘ essential practises test ’ in the following words : “ 13 ... Thus if the tenets of the Jain or the Parsi religion lay down that certain rites and ceremonies are to be performed at certain times and in a particular manner , it can not be said that these are secular activities partaking of commercial or economic character simply because they involve expenditure of money or employment of priests or the use of marketable commodities . No outside_authority_has_any _ right to say that _ these_are_not essential parts of religion and it is not open to the secular authority of the State to restrict or prohibit them in any manner they like under the guise of administering the trust estate ... We may refer in this connection to the observation of Davar , J. in the_case of Jamshed ji v. Soonabai_and although they were made in a case where the question was whether the bequest of property by a Parsi testator for the purpose of perpetual celebration of ceremonies like Muktad bag , Vyezashni , etc. , which are sanctioned by the Zoroastrian religion were valid and charitable gifts , the observations , we _ think , are quite appropriate for our present purpose . If this is the belief of the community thus observed the learned judge , and it is proved undoubtedly to be the belief of the Zoroastrian community , - a secular judge is bound to accept that belief — it is not for him to sit in judgment on that belief , he_has_no right to interfere with the conscience of a donor who makes a gift in favour of what he believes to be the advancement of the religion and the welfare of his_community_or mankind . These observations do in our opinion afford an indication of the measure of protection that is given by Article 26 ( b ) of our Constitution . ” ( Emphasis supplied and internal quotations omitted ) In Durgah Committee , Ajmer & Anr . v. Syed Hussain Ali & Ors . ( supra ) , the ‘ essential practises test ’ was discussed by a Constitution Bench in the following words : “ 33 ... Whilst we are dealing with this point it may not be out of place incidentally to strike a note of caution and observe that in order that the practises in question should be treated as a part of religion they must be regarded _ by the said_religion as its 57