to the conclusion that the full and final settlement receipt or discharge voucher was the result of any fraud / coercion / undue influence , he will have to hold that there was no discharge of the contract and consequently , refer the dispute to arbitration . Alternatively , where the Chief Justice / his designate is satisfied prima facie that the discharge voucher was not issued voluntarily and the claimant was under some compulsion or coercion , and that the matter deserved detailed consideration , he may instead of deciding the issue himself , refer the matter to the Arbitral Tribunal with a specific direction that the said question should be decided in the first instance . ” 8 . In the decision rendered in Union of India v. Master Construction Co this Court observed as under : “ 18 . In our opinion , there is no rule of the absolute kind . In a case where the claimant contends that a discharge voucher or no - claim certificate has been obtained by fraud , coercion , duress or undue influence and the other side contests the correctness thereof , the Chief Justice / his designate must look into this aspect to find out at least , prima facie , whether or not the dispute is bona fide and genuine . Where the dispute raised by the claimant with regard to validity of the discharge voucher or no - claim certificate or settlement agreement , prima facie , appears to be lacking in credibility , there may not be a necessity to refer the dispute for arbitration at all . 19 . It can not be overlooked that the cost of arbitration is quite huge — most of the time , it runs into six and seven figures . It may not be proper to burden a party , who contends that the dispute is not arbitrable on account of discharge of contract , with huge cost of arbitration merely because plea of fraud , coercion , duress or undue influence has been taken by the claimant . A bald plea of fraud , coercion , duress or undue influence is not enough and the party who sets up such a plea must prima facie establish the same by placing material before the Chief Justice / his designate . If the Chief Justice / his designate finds some merit in the allegation of fraud , coercion , duress or undue influence , he may decide the same or leave it to be decided by the Arbitral Tribunal . On the other hand , if such plea is found to be an afterthought , make - believe or lacking in credibility , the matter must be set at rest then and there . * * *    BY