issued by the plaintiff , and the plaintiff alleges that it was obtained by fraud / coercion / undue influence and therefore not valid . It would consider the evidence as to whether there was any fraud , coercion or undue influence . If it found that there was none , it will accept the voucher as being in discharge of the contract and reject the claim without examining the claim on merits . On the other hand , if it found that the discharge voucher had been obtained by fraud / undue influence / coercion , it will ignore the same , examine whether the plaintiff had made out the claim on merits and decide the matter accordingly . The position will be the same even when there is a provision for arbitration . 51 . The Chief Justice / his designate exercising jurisdiction under Section 11 of the Act will consider whether there was really accord and satisfaction or discharge of contract by performance . If the answer is in the affirmative , he will refuse to refer the dispute to arbitration . On the other hand , if the Chief Justice / his designate comes to the conclusion that the full and final settlement receipt or discharge voucher was the result of any fraud / coercion / undue influence , he will have to hold that there was no discharge of the contract and consequently , refer the dispute to arbitration . Alternatively , where the Chief Justice / his designate is satisfied prima facie that the discharge voucher was not issued voluntarily and the claimant was under some compulsion or coercion , and that the matter deserved detailed consideration , he may instead of deciding the issue himself , refer the matter to the Arbitral Tribunal with a specific direction that the said question should be decided in the first instance . 52 . Some illustrations ( not exhaustive ) as to when claims are arbitrable and when they are not , when discharge of contract by accord and satisfaction are disputed , to round up the discussion on this subject are : ( j A claim is referred to a conciliation or a pre - litigation Lok Adalat . The parties negotiate and arrive at a settlement . The terms of settlement are drawn up and signed by both the parties and attested by the conciliator or the members of the Lok Adalat . After settlement by way of accord and satisfaction , there can be no reference to arbitration . ( i ) A claimant makes several claims . The admitted or undisputed claims are paid . Thereafter negotiations are held for settlement of the disputed claims resulting in an agreement in writing settling all the pending claims and disputes . On such settlement , the amount agreed is paid and the contractor also issues a discharge voucher / no - claim P|