19 ) agreement or discharge voucher which Company further threatened the petitioner Company to accept the said amount in full and final or the respondent Company will not pay any amount towards the fire policy . It was under such compelling circumstances that the petitioner Company was forced and under duress was made to sign the acceptance letter . ” 10 . In our considered view , the plea raised by the respondent is bereft of any details and particulars , and can not be anything but a bald assertion . Given the fact that there was no protest or demur raised around the time or soon after the letter of subrogation was signed , that the notice dated 31 - 3 - 2011 itself was nearly after three weeks and that the financial condition of the respondent was not so precarious that it was left with no alternative but to accept the terms as suggested , we are of the firm view that the discharge in the present case and signing of letter of subrogation were not because of exercise of any undue influence . Such discharge and signing of letter of subrogation was voluntary and free from any coercion or undue influence . In the circumstances , we hold that upon execution of the letter of subrogation , there was full and final settlement of the claim . Since our answer to the question , whether there was really accord and satisfaction , is in the affirmative , in our view no arbitrable dispute existed so as to exercise power under Section 11 of the Act . The High Court was not therefore justified in exercising power under Section 11 of the Act . ” signed by both the parties or by execution of a full and final discharge voucher / receipt by one of the parties , we refer to an voluntarily executed . If the party which has executed the discharge agreement or discharge voucher , alleges that the execution of such discharge agreement or voucher was on account of fraud / coercion / undue influence practised by the    a When we refer to discharge of a contract by an agreement is validly and