duress or undue influence , he may decide the same or leave it to be decided by the Arbitral Tribunal . On the other hand , if such plea is found to be an afterthought , make - believe or lacking in credibility , the matter must be set at rest then and there . ” 18 ) Further , learned senior counsel relied upon a judgment of this Court in New India Assurance Co. Ltd. vs. Genus Power Infrastructure Ltd. ( 2015 ) 2 SCC 424 wherein this Court has held as under : 7 . The question that arises is whether the discharge in the present case upon acceptance of compensation and signing of subrogation letter was not voluntary and whether the claimant was subjected to compulsion or coercion and as such could validly invoke the jurisdiction under Section 11 of the Act . The law on the point is clear from following decisions of this Court . In National Insurance Co. Ltd. v. Boghara Polyfab ( P ) Ltd in paras 26 and 51 it was stated as under : “ 26 . When we refer to a discharge of contract by an agreement signed by both the parties or by execution of a full and final discharge voucher / receipt by one of the parties , we refer to an agreement or discharge voucher which is validly and voluntarily executed . If the party which has executed the discharge agreement or discharge voucher , alleges that the execution of such discharge agreement or voucher was on account of fraud / coercion / undue influence practised by the other party and is able to establish the same , then obviously the discharge of the contract by such agreement / voucher is rendered void and can not be acted upon . Consequently , any dispute raised by such party would be arbitrable . x Ok * 51 . The Chief Justice / his designate exercising jurisdiction under Section 11 of the Act will consider whether there was really accord and _ satisfaction or discharge of contract by performance . If the answer is in the affirmative , he will refuse to refer the dispute to arbitration . On the other hand , if the Chief Justice / his designate comes a