22 . The above certificates leave no manner of doubt that upon receipt of the payment , there has been full and final settlement of the contractor ’s claim under the contract . That the payment of final bill was made to the contractor on 19 - 6 - 2000 is not in dispute . After receipt of the payment on 19 - 6 - 2000 , no grievance was raised or lodged by the contractor immediately . The authority concerned , thereafter , released the bank guarantee in the sum of Rs 21,00,000 on 12 - 7 - 2000 . It was then that on that day itself , the contractor lodged further claims . ” 9 . It is therefore clear that a bald plea of fraud , coercion , duress or undue influence is not enough and the party who sets up a plea , must prima facie establish the same by placing material before the Chief Justice / his designate . Viewed thus , the relevant averments in the petition filed by the respondent need to be considered , which were to the following effect : “ ( g ) That the said surveyor , in connivance with the respondent Company , in order to make the respondent Company escape its full liability of compensating the petitioner of such huge loss , acted in a biased manner , adopted coercion , undue influence and duress methods of assessing the loss and forced the petitioner to sign certain documents including the claim form . The respondent Company also denied the just claim of the petitioner by their acts of omission and commission and by exercising coercion and undue influence and made the petitioner Company sign certain documents , including a pre - prepared discharge voucher for the said amount in advance , which the petitioner Company were forced to do so in the period of extreme financial difficulty which prevailed during the said period . As stated aforesaid , the petitioner Company was forced to sign several documents including a letter accepting the loss amounting to Rs 6,09,55,406 and settle the claim of Rs 5,96,08,179 as against the actual loss amount of Rs 28,79,08,116 against the interest of the petitioner Company . The said letter and the aforesaid pre - prepared discharge voucher stated that the petitioner had accepted the claim amount in full and final settlement and thus , forced the petitioner Company to unilateral acceptance of the same . The petitioner Company was forced to sign the said document under duress and coercion by the respondent Company . The respondent ie