certificate / full and final receipt . After the contract is discharged by such accord and satisfaction , neither the contract nor any dispute survives for consideration . There can not be any reference of any dispute to arbitration thereafter . ( ii ) A contractor executes the work and claims payment of say rupees ten lakhs as due in terms of the contract . The employer admits the claim only for rupees six lakhs and informs the contractor either in writing or orally that unless the contractor gives a discharge voucher in the prescribed format acknowledging receipt of rupees six lakhs in full and final satisfaction of the contract , payment of the admitted amount will not be released . The contractor who is hard - pressed for funds and keen to get the admitted amount released , signs on the dotted line either in a printed form or otherwise , stating that the amount is received in full and final settlement . In such a case , the discharge is under economic duress on account of coercion employed by the employer . Obviously , the discharge voucher can not be considered to be voluntary or as having resulted in discharge of the contract by accord and satisfaction . It will not be a bar to arbitration . ( iv ) An insured makes a claim for loss suffered . The claim is neither admitted nor rejected . But the insured is informed during discussions that unless the claimant gives a full and final voucher for a specified amount ( far lesser than the amount claimed by the insured ) , the entire claim will be rejected . Being in financial difficulties , the claimant agrees to the demand and issues an undated discharge voucher in full and final settlement . Only a few days thereafter , the admitted amount mentioned in the voucher is paid . The accord and satisfaction in such a case is not voluntary but under duress , compulsion and coercion . The coercion is subtle , but very much real . The “ accord ” is not by free consent . The arbitration agreement can thus be invoked to refer the disputes to arbitration . ( v ) A claimant makes a claim for a huge sum , by way of damages . The respondent disputes the claim . The claimant who is keen to have a settlement and avoid litigation , voluntarily reduces the claim and requests for settlement . The respondent agrees and settles the claim and obtains a full and final discharge voucher . Here even if the claimant might have agreed for settlement due to financial compulsions and commercial pressure or economic duress , the decision was his free choice . There was no threat , po