coercion or compulsion by the respondent . Therefore , the accord and satisfaction is binding and valid and there can not be any subsequent claim or reference to arbitration . ” 21 ) Learned counsel further relied upon a decision of this Court in R.L. Kalathia & Co. vs. State of Gujarat ( 2011 ) 2 SCC 400 wherein it was held as under : “ 10 . Before going into the factual matrix on this aspect , it is useful to refer the decisions of this Court relied on by Mr Altaf Ahmed . In NTPC Ltd. v. Reshmi Constructions , Builders & Contractors ! which relates to termination of a contract , one of the questions that arose for consideration was : “ ( ) Whether after the contract comes to an end by completion of the contract work and acceptance of the final bill in full and final satisfaction and after issuing a ‘ no - demand certificate ’ by the contractor , can any party to the contract raise any dispute for reference to arbitration ? ” While answering the said issue this Court held : “ 27 . Even when rights and obligations of the parties are worked out , the contract does not come to an end inter alia for the purpose of determination of the disputes arising thereunder , and , thus , the arbitration agreement can be invoked . Although it may not be strictly in place but we can not shut our eyes to the ground reality that in a case where a contractor has made huge investment , he can not afford not to take from the employer the amount under the bills , for various reasons which may include discharge of his liability towards the banks , financial institutions and other persons . In such a situation , the public sector undertakings would have an upper hand . They would not ordinarily release the money unless a ‘ no - demand certificate ’ is signed . Each case , therefore , is required to be considered on its own facts . 28 . Further , necessitas non habet legem is an age - old maxim which means necessity knows no law . A person may sometimes have to succumb to the pressure of the other party to the bargain who is in a stronger position . ”    a