transpired in the High Court : “ AL eeseeees It is simply not done . Public Policy bars us . Judicial decorum restrains us . Matters of judicial record are unquestionable . They are not open to doubt . Judges can not be dragged into the arena . " Judgments can not be treated as mere counters in the game of litigation " ( Per Lord Atkinson in Somasundaram Chetty v. Subramanian Chetty , AIR 1926 PC 136 ) . We are bound to accept the statement of the Judges recorded in their judgment , as to what transpired in court . We can not allow the statement of the judges to be contradicted by statements at the Bar or by affidavit and other evidence . If the judges say in their judgment that something was done , said or admitted before them , that has to be the last word on the subject . The principle is well settled that statements of fact as to what transpired at the hearing , recorded in the judgment of the court , are conclusive of the facts so stated and no one can contradict such statements by affidavit or other evidence . If a party thinks that the happenings in court have been wrongly recorded in a judgment , it is incumbent upon the party , while the matter is still fresh in the minds of the judges , to call attention of the very judges who have made the record to the fact that the statement made with regard to his conduct was a statement that had been made in error ( Per Lord Buckmaster in Madhu Sudan Chowdhri yv . Chandrabati Chowdhrain , AIR 1917 PC 30 ) . That is the only way to have the record corrected . If no such step is taken , the matter must necessarily end there . Of course a party may resile and an Appellate Court may permit him in rare and appropriate cases to resile from a concession on the ground that the concession was made on a wrong appreciation of the law and had led to gross injustice ; but , he may not call in question the very fact of making the concession as recorded in the judgment . ” 17 . The aforesaid paragraph was , once again , extracted with approval in Y¥. Sleebachen & Ors . v. State of Tamil Nadu _ through 12