( b ) the facts constituting the cause of action ; ( c ) the nature of injury caused or likely to be caused to the public ; ( d ) the nature and extent of personal interest , if any , of the petitioner ( s ) ; ( e ) details regarding any civil , criminal or revenue litigation , involving the petitioner or any of the petitioners , which has or could have a legal nexus with the issue ( s ) involved in the Public Interest Litigation ; and ( f ) whether the concerned Government Authority was moved for relief ( s ) sought in the petition and if so , with what result . ( ii ) file and affidavit stating that there is no personal gain , private motive or oblique reason in filing the Public Interest Litigation . ( 3 ) The Court may impose exemplary costs on the petitioner ( s ) if it finds that the petition was frivolous or instituted with oblique or mala fide motive or lacks bona fides . ” 9 The position of the Chief Justice of a High Court was elucidated in a judgment of a three judge Bench of this Court in State of Rajasthan v Prakash Chand ‘ . During the course of the judgment the following broad conclusions were formulated in regard to the position of the Chief Justice : “ ( 1 ) That the administrative control of the High Court vests in the Chief Justice alone . On the judicial side , however , he is only the first amongst the equals . ( 2 ) That the Chief Justice is the Master of the Roster . He alone has the prerogative to constitute Benches of the court and allocate cases to the Benches so constituted . ( 3 ) That the puisne Judges can only do that work as is allotted to them by the Chief Justice or under his directions . ( 4 ) That till any determination made by the Chief Justice lasts , no Judge who is to sit singly can sit in a Division Bench and no Division Bench can be split up by the Judges constituting the Bench themselves and one or both the Judges constituting such Bench sit singly and take up any other kind of judicial business not otherwise assigned to them by or under the directions of the Chief Justice . + ( 1998 ) 1 SCC 1