12 The above position was reiterated by a Bench of three judges of this Court in Ravikant S Patil v Sarvabhouma S Bagali ’ , after adverting to the earlier decisions on the issue , viz . Rama Narang v Ramesh Narang ( supra ) , State of Tamil Nadu v A. Jaganathan ® , K.C. Sareen v CBI , Chandigarh ® , B.R. Kapur v State of T.N. ( supra ) and State of Maharashtra v Gajanan . ' ° This Court concluded as follows : “ It deserves to be clarified that an order granting stay of conviction is not the rule but is an exception to be resorted to in rare cases depending upon the facts of a case . Where the execution of the sentence is stayed , the conviction continues to operate . But where the conviction itself is stayed , the effect is that the conviction will not be operative from the date of stay . As order of stay , of course , does not render the conviction non - existent , but only non - operative . Be that as it may . Insofar as the present case is concerned , an application was filed specifically seeking stay of the order of conviction specifying that consequences if conviction was not stayed , that is , the appellant would incur disqualification to contest the election . The High Court after considering the special reason , granted the order staying the conviction . As the conviction itself is stayed in contrast to a stay of execution of the sentence , it is not possible to accept the contention of the respondent that the disqualification arising out of conviction continues to operate even after stay of conviction . ” 13 In Lily Thomas ( supra ) , it was urged that in the absence of Section 8(4 ) , a Member of Parliament or of the State Legislature would be left without a remedy even if the conviction was “ frivolous ” . Rejecting the submission , this Court held ( relying on Ravi Kant Patil ( supra ) : “ In the aforesaid case , a contention was raised by the respondents that the appellant was disqualified from contesting the election to the Legislative Assembly under sub 7 ( 2007 ) 1 SCC 673 8 ( 1996 ) 5 SCC 329 9 ( 2001 ) 6 SCC 584 10(2003 ) 12 SCC 432