10 Section 389 % of the Code of Criminal Procedure , 1973 , empowers the appellate court , pending an appeal by a convicted person and for reasons to be recorded in writing to order that the execution of a sentence or order appealed against , be suspended . In the decision in Rama Narang v Ramesh Narang ® , a Bench of three judges of this Court examined the issue as to whether the court has the power to suspend a conviction under Section 389 ( 1 ) . This Court held that an order of conviction by itself is not capable of execution under the Code of Criminal Procedure , 1973 . But in certain situations , it can become executable in a limited sense upon it resulting in a disqualification under other enactments . Hence , in such a case , it was permissible to invoke the power under Section 389 ( 1 ) to stay the conviction as well . This Court held : “ 19 . That takes us to the question whether the scope of Section 389(1 ) of the Code extends to conferring power on the Appellate Court to stay the operation of the order of conviction . As stated earlier , if the order of conviction is to result in some disqualification of the type mentioned in 4 Section 389 provides as follows : “ Suspension of sentence pending the appeal ; release of appellant on bail . ( 1 ) Pending any appeal by a convicted person , the Appellate Court may , for reasons to be recorded by it in writing , order that the execution of the sentence or order appealed against be suspended and , also , if he is in confinement , that he be released on bail , or on his own bond . ( 2 ) The power conferred by this section on an Appellate Court may be exercised also by the High Court in the case of an appeal by a convicted person to a Court subordinate thereto . ( 3 ) Where the convicted person satisfies the Court by which he is convicted that he intends to present an appeal , the Court shall,(i ) where such person , being on bail , is sentenced to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three years , or ( ii ) where the offence of which such person has been convicted is a bailable one , and he is on bail , order that the convicted person be released on bail , unless there are special reasons for refusing bail , for such period as will afford sufficient time to present the appeal and obtain the orders of the Appellate Court under sub- section ( 1 ) ; and the sentence of imprisonment shall , so long as he is so released on bail , be deemed to be suspended . ( 4 ) When the appellant is ultimately sentenced to imprisonment for a term or to imprisonment for life , the time during which he is so released shall be excluded in computing the term for which he is so sentenced . ” 5 ( 1995 ) 2 SCC 513