XXX XXX XXX 12 . Rule 4(1 ) speaks of the transaction value . Utilisation of the definite article indicates that what should be accepted as the value for the purpose of assessment to customs duty is the price actually paid for the particular transaction , unless of course the price is unacceptable for the reasons set out in Rule 4(2 ) . “ Payable ” in the context of the language of Rule 4(1 ) must , therefore , be read as referring to “ theparticular transaction ” and payability in respect of the transaction envisages a situation where payment of price may be deferred . XXX XXX XXX 13 . That Rule 4 is limited to the transaction in question is also supported by the provisions of the other rules each of which provide for alternate modes of valuation and allow evidence of value of goods other than those under assessment to be the basis of the assessable value . Thus , Rule 5 allows for the transaction value to be determined on the basis of identical goods imported into India at the same time ; Rule 6 allows for the transaction value to be determined on the value of similar goods imported into India at the same time as the subject goods . Where there are no contemporaneous imports into India , the value is to be determined under Rule 7 by a process of deduction in the manner provided therein . If this is not possible the value is to be computed under Rule 7-A. When value of the imported goods can not be determined under any of these provisions , the value is required to be determined under Rule 8 “ using reasonable means consistent with the principles and general provisions of these Rules and subsection ( 1 ) of Section 14 of the Customs Act , 1962 and on the basis of data available in India ” . If the phrase “ the transaction value ” used in Rule 4 were not limited to the particular transaction then the other rules which refer to other transactions and data would become redundant . XXX XXX XXX 22 . In the case before us , it is not alleged that the appellant has misdeclared the price actually paid . Nor was there a misdescription of the goods imported as was the case in Padia Sales Corpn . [ 1993 Supp ( 4 ) SCC 57 ] It is also not the respondent 's case that the particular import fell within any of the situations enumerated in Rule 4(2 ) . No reason has been given by the Assistant Collector for rejecting the transaction value under Rule 4(1 ) except the price list of vendor . In doing so , the Assistant Collector not only ignored Rule 4(2 ) but also acted on the basis of the vendor 's price list as if a price list is invariably proof of the