8) In Eisher Tractors Ltd. , Haryana vs. D mentioned that as per the provisions of Section 14 of the Customs Act and the principles laid down in the case law ( which it referred to in the earlier part of the judgment ) interpreting this provision , the assessable value has to be arrived at on the basis of the price which is actually paid . It is the basic principle enshrined in the aforesaid provision , i.e. , Section 14 , which can be culled out from the catena of judgments pronounced by this Court . Mumbai ’ , this Court held as under : " 6 . Under the Act customs duty is chargeable on goods . According to Section 14(1 ) of the Act , the assessment of duty is to be made on the value of the goods . The value may be fixed by the Central Government under Section 14(2 ) . Where the value is not so fixed , the value has to be determined under Section 14(1 ) . The value , according to Section 14(1 ) , shall be deemed to be the price at which such or like goods are ordinarily sold , or offered for sale , for delivery at the time and place of importation — in the course of international trade . The word “ ordinarily ” necessarily implies the exclusion of “ extraordinary ” or “ special ” circumstances . This is clarified by the last phrase in Section 14 which describes an “ ordinary ” sale as one “ where the seller and the buyer have no interest in the business of each other and the price is the sole consideration for the sale ... ” . Subject to these three conditions laid down in Section 14(1 ) of time , place and absence of special circumstances , the price of imported goods is to be determined under Section 14(1-A ) in accordance with the Rules framed in this behalf . XXX XXX XXX 9 . These exceptions are in expansion and explicatory of the special circumstances in Section 14(1 ) quoted earlier . It follows that unless the price actually paid for the particular transaction falls within the exceptions , the Customs Authorities are bound to assess the duty on the transaction value . 1(2001 ) 1 SCC 315 Commissioner of Customs ,