5 ) 3 reasons which persuaded the Tribunal to set aside the order of the authorities below , we reproduce this para along with paragraph 8 which disclosed the outcome of the appeals , in entirety . " 7 . Having considered the rival contentions and on perusal of record , we find that the Original Authority was directed by the Hon’ble High Court to pass speaking order on the enhancement of assessable value . We find that the Original Authority in its Order - in - Original dated 25/03/2015 passed comments on the ground of writ petition and did not properly examine the evidence available with the department required to be examined for enhancement of assessable value . Further , we find that as held in the case laws stated above and as provided by Section 14 of Customs Act , 1962 , the assessable value has to be arrived at on the basis of the price which is actually paid and in a case the price is not sole consideration or if the buyers and sellers are related persons then after establishing that the price is not sole consideration the transaction value can be rejected and taking the other evidences into consideration the assessable value can be arrived at . Such exercise has not been done in these cases on hand . Therefore , we reject the enhancement of assessable value in respect of the Bills of Entry which are involved in all the appeals being decided and we restore the assessable value as declared by the appellant in said Bills of Entry . 8 . In result , we set aside all the impugned Orders - in - Appeal and allow all the appeals . The appellant shall be entitled for consequential relief , if any , in accordance with law . The precise submission of Mr. K. Radhakrishna , learned senior counsel appearing for the Revenue was that as per the Tribunal itself , the reasons for upsetting the order in original are : ( a ) That he did not properly examine the evidences available with the Department , which were required to be examined for the purpose of enhancement of assessable value . ( b ) As per the provisions of Section 14 of the Customs Act , 1962 and