“ 15 . The relevant language used in Section 8 is : “ in a matter which is the subject of an arbitration agreement ” . The court is required to refer the parties to arbitration . Therefore , the suit should be in respect of “ a matter ” which the parties have agreed to refer and which comes within the ambit of arbitration agreement . Where , however , a suit is commenced — “ as to a matter ” which lies outside the arbitration agreement and is also between some of the parties who are not parties to the arbitration agreement , there is no question of application of Section 8 . The words “ a matter ” indicate that the entire subject - matter of the suit should be subject to arbitration agreement . 16 . The next question which requires consideration is — even if there is no provision for partly referring the dispute to arbitration , whether such a course is possible under Section 8 of the Act . In our view , it would be difficult to give an interpretation to Section 8 under which bifurcation of the cause of action , that is to say , the subjectmatter of the suit or in some cases bifurcation of the suit between parties who are parties to the arbitration agreement and others is possible . This would be laying down a totally new procedure not contemplated under the Act . If bifurcation of the subject - matter of a suit was contemplated , the legislature would have used appropriate language to permit such a course . Since there is no such indication in the language , it follows that bifurcation of the subject - matter of an action brought before a judicial authority is not allowed . ” 19 . Mr. Sibal , learned senior counsel for the respondents submitted that the High Court rightly relied upon Sukanya Holdings as it relates to Part - I of the Act that the parties who are not signatories to the arbitration agreement ( in this case , Astonfield under Sale and Purchase Agreement ) can not be referred to arbitration . It was further submitted that Chloro Controls arises under Part - II of the Act and was rightly distinguished by the High Court and Sukanya Holdings was not overruled by Chloro Controls and hence , the appellants can not rely upon Chloro Controls . It was contended that the Sale and Purchase Agreement ( 05.03.2012 ) under which huge money was parted with , is the main agreement having 18