power plant to the Grid Substation , bay extension work at the Grid Substation , including all of the infrastructure and relevant installations required to connect the electricityproducing equipment to the distribution / transmission grid at the Grid Substation in UP , India ( the ‘ Facility ’ ) . Cc . The Client ( Rishabh ) proposes to purchase the Client 's Equipment as required by the Lessee ( Dante Energy ) for onward lease to the Lessee ( Dante Energy ) . D. The Lessee ( Dante Energy ) requires the services for design , engineering , construction , erection , testing , commissioning and handing over of the Facility to the Client ( Rishabh ) and accordingly the Client ( Rishabh ) has agreed to identity the competent Contractor ( Juwi /ndia ) for undertaking the above work . E. The Contractor ( Juwi India ) has represented to the Client ( Rishabh ) and the Lessee ( Dante Energy ) that the Contractor ( Juwi India ) has the requisite experience , expertise , resources and _ skills for undertaking and performing all the activities and services required for design engineering , construction , erection , testing , commissioning and handing over of the Facility and has submitted an offer to the Client ( Rishabh ) in response to the Technical Specifications as set out by the Client ( Rishabh ) . F. Based on the offer submitted by the Contractor ( Juwi India ) and relying on the Contractor ’s representations and warranties herein , and on the concurrence and approval of the Lessee ( Dante Energy ) , the Client ( Rishabh ) wishes to appoint the Contractor ( Juwi India ) to undertake the Services and ( except for purchase of the Client ’s Equipments ) to perform all the activities and services required for design , engineering , construction , erecting , testing , commissioning and handing over of the Facility and the Contractor ( Juwi India ) has agreed to such appointment and to undertake such other duties and obligations as mentioned in this Contract . ” The above clauses in the very commencement of the agreement with Juwi India dated 01.02.2012 clearly state that the agreement itself was for the purpose of commissioning Photovoltaic Solar Plant at Dongri , Raksa , District Jhansi , Uttar Pradesh for which Dante Energy ( Lessee ) has necessary authorizations . The above quoted clauses in the 13