on his instructions and directions and under his overall control and dictation that the said companies are run . He is the co - founder and the co - chairman of the “ Astonfield Group ” consisting of various companies incorporated both outside of and in India ( www.astonfield.com ) . Defendant No.1 is the main brain behind the serious fraud that has been perpetuated upon the Plaintiffs and the prima donna , mind , body , soul and controlling entity of all other defendants to this suit . If the corporate veil is lifted by this Hon’ble Court ( and , this is an appropriate case for lifting of the corporate veil ) , it will be found that it is , in fact , Defendant No.1 only who is the real entity behind all the other defendants and it is on his directions that the others have made , played their respective roles in and/or participated in the transactions in question ....... Further , Defendant No.1 has also been corresponding with the plaintiffs on behalf of Defendant Nos . 2 and 3 . ......... The said Defendant No.1 is also responsible for running the day to day affairs of this Company which is run on his directions and under his control . Defendant No.2 entered into a Sale and Purchase Agreement with the Plaintiffs , the transaction under which is vitiated by serious fraud . ...... . Though there are two agreements , individual parties to the Sale and Purchase Agreement ( 05.03.2012 ) and the Equipment Lease Agreement ( Dante Energy ) are one and the same , . Though Juwi India is not the defendant , as discussed infra , Equipment and Material Supply Contract and Engineering , Installation and Commissioning Contract with Juwi India itself were for the purpose of commissioning Photovoltaic Solar Plant at Dongri , Raksa , District Jhansi , Uttar Pradesh . 14 . The clauses in the Equipment and Material Supply Contract ( 01.02.2012 ) between Rishabh and Juwi India clearly indicate that the Rishabh has entered into Lease Agreement with Dante Energy and that the Rishabh proposes to source Photovoltaic products / panels etc . and similar Solar Power generating equipments for onward lease of those 10