84 Scheduled Tribe or Scheduled Caste for the whole country . This , however , is a different problem whether a member or the Scheduled Caste in one part of the country who migrates to another State or any other Union territory should continue to be treated as a Scheduled Caste or Scheduled Tribe in which he has migrated . That question has to be judged taking into consideration the interest and well - being of the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes in the country as a whole . ” 22 . Marri Chandra Shekhar Rao case was followed by another Constitution Bench of this Court in Action Committee on issue of caste certificate to Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes in the State of Maharashtra and Anr . v. Union of India and Anr . ( 1994 ) 5 SCC 244 . In Action Committee 's case , it was held as under : " 3 . On a plain reading of clause ( 1 ) of Articles 341 and 342 it is manifest that the power of the President is limited to specifying the castes or tribes which shall , for the purposes of the Constitution , be deemed to be Scheduled Castes or Scheduled Tribes in relation to a State or a Union Territory , as the case may be . Once a notification is issued under clause ( 1 ) of Articles 341 and 342 of the Constitution , Parliament can by law include in or exclude from the list of Scheduled Castes or Scheduled Tribes , specified in the notification , any caste or tribe but save for that limited purpose the notification issued under clause ( 1 ) , shall not be varied by any subsequent notification . What is important to notice is that the castes or tribes have to be specified in relation to a given State or Union Territory . That means a given caste or tribe can be a Scheduled Caste or a Scheduled Tribe in relation to the State or Union Territory for which it is specified . These are the relevant provisions with which we shall be concerned while dealing with the grievance made in this petition . 16 . We may add that considerations for specifying a particular caste or tribe or class for inclusion in the list of Scheduled Castes / Schedule Tribes or backward classes in a given State would depend on the nature and extent of disadvantages and social hardships suffered by that caste , tribe or class in that State which may be totally non est in another State to which persons belonging thereto may migrate . Coincidentally it may be that a caste or tribe bearing the same nomenclature is specified in two States but the considerations on the