11 manufactured by the appellants are suitable for use on roads . Therefore , the provision which stipulates the manufacturer or a dealer of a motor vehicle , in respect of the motor vehicle in his possession in the course of business as such a manufacturer or dealer shall pay tax , is within the legislative competence of Entry 57 . This contention has been raised before us as well . However , we do not agree with the appellants as the reasoning given by the High Court is the correct analysis of Entry 57 of List II of VIIth Schedule to the Constitution . 21 ) Insofar as argument predicated on the amendment in the Motor Vehicles Act ( the Central Act ) , 1988 is concerned , we again find that the High Court has rightly concluded that this amendment would have no relevance to the provisions contained in the Bihar Act . Whether the definition of a dealer includes manufacturer or not would be immaterial inasmuch as under Section 6 of the Bihar Act , the Legislature has made provision to tax both the dealer as well as the manufacturer . We agree with the following observations of the High Court in this behalf : " 7 . . . It goes without saying also that 1994 Act has been enacted under and in terms of Entry 57 ( supra ) by the State Legislature ; whereas 1988 Act has been enacted by the Union Parliament under and in terms of Entry 35 of the Concurrent List . Also , whereas the Preamble to 1988 Acts states that the Act has been enacted to consolidate and amend the law relating to Motor Vehicles , the Preamble to 1994 Act states that this Act has been made with a view to regulate the imposition and levy of tax on Motor Vehicles in the State of Bihar ( as it was at the relevant time ) . Both the Act , therefore , deal with two different fields of legislation and the areas of their operation are also different , having been enacted by two different classes of Legislatures , one in terms of the power exercisable and vested under clause ( 2 ) and the other in terms of the power vested and exercisable under clause ( 3 ) of Article 246 of the Constitution . Therefore , at the risk of repetition , we have no hesitation