be interpreted in light of the legislative intent behind the enactment of Section 251A of the Code of Criminal Procedure , 1898 . 7 . What follows from the discussion is that the norm in any criminal trial is for the examination - in - chief of witnesses to be carried out first , followed by cross - examination , and re - examination if required , in accordance with Section 138 of the Indian Evidence Act , 1872 . Section 231(2 ) of the Cr . P.C. , however , confers a discretion on the Judge to defer the cross - examination of any witness until any other witness or witnesses have been examined , or recall any witness for further crossexamination , in appropriate cases . Judicial discretion has to be exercised in consonance with the statutory framework and context while being aware of reasonably foreseeable consequences . ® The party seeking deferral under Section 231(2 ) of the Cr . P.C. must give sufficient reasons to invoke the exercise of discretion by the Judge , and deferral can not be asserted as a matter of right . Several High Courts have held that the discretion under Section 231(2 ) of the Cr . P.C. should be exercised only in “ exceptional circumstances ” ® , or 5 A Constitution Bench of this Court in Gurbaksh Singh Sibbia & Ors . v. State of Punjab , ( 1980 ) 2 SCC 565 had elucidated upon the nature and manner of exercise of judicial discretion in paragraph 21 . The relevant extract has been reproduced hereunder : “ |, . Every kind of judicial discretion , whatever may be the nature of the matter in regard to which it is required to be exercised , has to be used with due care and caution . In fact , an awareness of the context in which the discretion is required to be exercised and of the reasonably foreseeable consequences of its use , is the hall mark of a prudent exercise of judicial discretion . ”      ( Emphasis supplied ) © Sisir Debnath v. State of West Bengal & Anr . [ C.R.R. No . 2533 of 2017 ; decided on August 2 , 2017 by the High Court of Calcutta ( Appellate Side ) ] ; 8