of success is a function of many variables : the strength of his mark , the degree of similarity between the two marks , the proximity of the products , the likelihood that the prior owner will bridge the gap , actual confusion , and the reciprocal of defendant 's good faith in adopting its own mark , the quality of defendant 's product , and the sophistication of the buyers . Even this extensive catalogue does not exhaust the possibilities — the court may have to take still other variables into account . American Law Institute , Restatement of Torts , 88 729 , 730 , 731 . Here plaintiffs mark is a strong one and the similarity between the two names is great , but the evidence of actual confusion , when analyzed , is not impressive . The filter seems to be the only case where defendant has sold , but not manufactured , a product serving a function similar to any of plaintiff 's , and plaintiff 's sales of this item have been highly irregular , varying , e. g. , from $ 2,300 in 1953 to $ 303,000 in 1955 , and $ 48,000 in 1956 . ” 27 . This Court in National Sewing Thread Co. Ltd. vs. James Chadwick and Bros. ” accepted the following principles which are to be applied in such cases : “ 22 . The principles of law applicable to such cases are well settled . The burden of proving that the trade mark which a person seeks to register is not likely to deceive or to cause confusion is upon the applicant . It is for him to satisfy the Registrar that his trade mark does not fall within the prohibition of Section 8 and therefore it should be registered . Moreover in deciding whether a particular trade mark is likely to deceive or cause confusion that duty is not discharged by arriving at the result by merely comparing it with the trade mark which is already registered and whose proprietor is offering opposition to the registration of the mark . The real question to decide in such cases is to see as to how a purchaser , who must be looked upon as an average man of ordinary intelligence , would react to a particular trade mark , what association he would form by looking at the trade mark , and in what respect he would 12 AIR 1953 SC 357 Civil Appeal Nos . 2937 - 2942 of 2018 with Ors . Page 40 of 47