associated with the persons / company using the said mark . The case set up by the appellant was that its mark was distinctive one and was its trading style as well . It was also argued that trade mark ‘ NANDHINI ’ is not an invented word and , therefore , there was no question of copying trade mark of the respondent . The ( 2 ) A trade mark which — ( a ) is identical with or similar to an earlier trade mark ; and ( b ) is to be registered for goods or services which are not similar to those for which the earlier trade mark is registered in the name of a different proprietor , shall not be registered , if or to the extent , the earlier trade mark is a well - known trade mark in India and the use of the later mark without due cause would take unfair advantage of or be detrimental to the distinctive character or repute of the earlier trade mark . ( 3 ) A trade mark shall not be registered if , or to the extent that , its use in India is liable to be prevented ( a ) by virtue of any law in particular the law of passing off protecting an unregistered trade mark used in the course of trade ; or ( b ) by virtue of law of copyright . ( 4 ) Nothing in this section shall prevent the registration of a trade mark where the proprietor of the earlier trade mark or other earlier right consents to the registration , and in such case the Registrar may register the mark under special circumstances under section 12 . Explanation.—For the purposes of this section , earlier trade mark means — ( a ) aregistered trade mark or convention application referred to in section 154 which has a date of application earlier than that of the trade mark in question , taking account , where appropriate , of the priorities claimed in respect of the trade marks ; ( b ) a trade mark which , on the date of the application for registration of the trade mark in question , or where appropriate , of the priority claimed in respect of the application , was entitled to protection as a well - known trade mark . A trade mark shall not be refused registration on the grounds specified in sub - sections ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) , unless objection on any one or more of those grounds is raised in opposition proceedings by the proprietor of the earlier trade mark . ( 6 ) The Registrar shall , while determining whether a trade mark is a well - known trade mark , take into account any fact which he considers relevant for determining a trade mark as a well - known trade mark including — ( I ) the knowledge or recognition of that trade mark in the relevant section of the public including knowledge in India obtained as a result of promotion of the trade mark ; Civil Appeal Nos . 2937 - 2942 of 2018 with Ors . Page 9 of 47