( b ) British Sugar Pic v. James Robertson & Sons Ltd. * : “ ( d ) Infringement pursuant to section 10(2 ) ? Because “ Treat ” is the very mark registered and is clearly used by Robertson ’s | think the case falls to be considered under ’ section 10(2)(a ) , the identical mark / similar goods provision . | do not think it falls within section 10(2)(b ) because | reject the argument that the sign used is to be regarded as “ Robertson ’s Toffee Treat ” . That is used too but the first two words are added matter and it does not matter in what capacity “ Treat ” is used . The questions arising under section 10(2)(a ) are : ( 1 ) Is the mark used in the course of trade ? ( 2 ) Are the goods for which it is used similar to those covered by the registration ? ( 3 ) Is there a likelihood of confusion because of that similarity ? The first of these questions causes no difficulty here . The problems arise under the second and third questions . British Sugar seek to elide the questions of confusion and similarity . Their skeleton argument contends that there is “ use in relation to a product so similar to a dessert sauce that there exists a likelihood of confusion because the product may or will be used for identical purposes . ” | do not think it is legitimate to elide the question in this way . The sub - section does not merely ask “ will there be confusion ? ” : it asks “ is there similarity of goods ? ” , if so , “ is there a likelihood of confusion ? ” The point is important . For if one elides the two questions than a “ strong ” mark would get protection for a greater range of goods than a “ weak ” mark . For instance “ Kodak ” for socks or bicycles might well cause confusion , yet these goods are plainly dissimilar from films or cameras . | think the question of similarity of goods is wholly independent of the particular mark the subject of registration or the defendant 's sign . ” 4 ( 1996 ) RPC 281 ( CH ) Civil Appeal Nos . 2937 - 2942 of 2018 with Ors . Page 22 of 47