as a goddess and , therefore , the respondent can not claim monopoly over the word ‘ NANDHINI ’ . 8 . Taking note of the aforesaid submissions and virtually accepting the same , the Deputy Registrar noted that since the appellant is using the trade mark continuously from 1 * April , 1989 which claim of the appellant was supported by documentary proof , objection raised by the respondent under Section 9 stood waived . ( 10 ) While considering an application for registration of a trade mark and opposition filed in respect thereof , the Registrar shall — ( i ) protect a well - known trade mark against the identical or similar trade marks ; ( ii ) take into consideration the bad faith involved either of the applicant or the opponent affecting the right relating to the trade mark . ( 11 ) Where a trade mark has been registered in good faith disclosing the material informations to the Registrar or where right to a trade mark has been acquired through use in good faith before the commencement of this Act , then , nothing in this Act shall prejudice the validity of the registration of that trade mark or right to use that trade mark on the ground that such trade mark is identical with or similar to a well - known trade mark . S. 18 . Application for registration . — ( 1 ) Any person claiming to be the proprietor of a trade mark used or proposed to be used by him , who is desirous of registering it , shall apply in writing to the Registrar in the prescribed manner for the registration of his trade mark . ( 2 ) Asingle application may be made for registration of a trade mark for different classes of goods and services and fee payable therefor shall be in respect of each such class of goods or services . ( 3 ) Every application under sub - section ( 1 ) shall be filed in the office of the Trade Marks Registry within whose territorial limits the principal place of business in India of the applicant or in the case of joint applicants the principal place of business in India of the applicant whose name is first mentioned in the application as having a place of business in India , is situate : Provided that where the applicant or any of the joint applicants does not carry on business in India , the application shall be filed in the office of the Trade Marks Registry within whose territorial limits the place mentioned in the address for service in India as disclosed in the application , is situate . ( 4 ) Subject to the provisions of this Act , the Registrar may refuse the application or may accept it absolutely or subject to such amendments , modifications , conditions or limitations , if any , as he may think fit . ( 5 ) In the case of a refusal or conditional acceptance of an application , the Registrar shall record in writing the grounds for such refusal or conditional acceptance and the materials used by him in arriving at his decision .    Civil Appeal Nos . 2937 - 2942 of 2018 with Ors . Page 11 of 47