accused persons ran away from there and the petitioner was sent for medical examination to District Jail , Lucknow . After investigation , police submitted charge sheet only against three accused persons and the petitioner was not satisfied with the investigation . Result of the investigation was to the effect that several persons took part in the incident but their identity could not be ascertained , hence charge sheet was filed against three accused persons . Since the investigation has already been completed and charge sheet has been filed , therefore , the submission of the petitioner that the investigation is per se illegal because charge sheet has been filed only against three persons under Section 147 IPC , which could not have been filed against less than five persons . But this Court is not satisfied with this argument as the investigation has revealed that offence was committed by several persons but the identity of other coaccused persons could not be ascertained , therefore , there was no illegality in submission of charge sheet under Section 147 IPC . The offence was committed by an unlawful assembly and identity of only three accused persons could be ascertained , who were members of unlawful assembly , therefore , submission of charge sheet including Section 147 IPC only against three accused persons can not be said to be illegal in any manner . But keeping in view the facts of the case , the petitioner may raise his grievance before the court concerned . But keeping in view the manner in which , the offence has committed by the Advocates , this Court considers it necessary to issue certain directions because the offence in this case was committed in a court room while Presiding Officer was sitting and that too by Advocates , who are also the part of the system . No one can be permitted to pollute the pious stream of justice delivery system . 7 . Hence , it is provided that if the petitioner raise his grievance before the learned Magistrate concerned , the same shall be considered and decided by the court below in accordance with law as expeditiously as possible . This Court is also conscious about the security of the petitioner , hence , this Court considers it necessary to issue certain direction to ensure the safety of the petitioner . Therefore , it is hereby directed that the Senior Superintendent of Police , Lucknow shall provide sufficient security to the petitioner for his appearance before the court below on each date fixed from