within a stipulated period , therefore , it has rendered infructuous by submission of the charge sheet . 4 . It is submitted by the petitioner that the investigation is per se incorrect because as per the conclusions of the investigation , there were so many persons , who committed the offence but charge sheet has been filed only against three accused persons under Section 147 IPC also . It is further submitted that to constitute an offence under Section 147 IPC at least five persons should have been chargesheeted . No other ground was pressed into service by the petitioner in his argument . 5 . Learned A.G.A. has submitted that in this case prayer has been made to interfere in the investigation and to issue certain directions to the Investigating Officer and these prayers have rendered infructuous as police has already submitted charge sheet . 6 . It transpires from the perusal of the record that in this case F.I.R. was lodged at case crime no . 419 of 2010 at police station Wazirganj , district Lucknow with the allegation that accused Airaz Ahmad Siddiqui , Advocate with the intention to create his influence in the area had lodged a false report under Section 147 , 323 , 336 , 504 & 506 IPC , police station Chowk , district Lucknow at case crime no . 24 of 2009 after taking the police under his pressure and in collusion with police got a false charge sheet submitted in court . Feeling aggrieved by the said charge sheet , the petitioner moved a petition under Section 482 Cr . P.C. before this Court , which was dismissed with the direction to the court concerned to dispose of the bail application of the petitioner in the light of Lal Kamlendra Pratap Singh Vs . State of U.P. reported in [ 2009 ( 3 ) ADJ 322 ( SC ) ] . When the petitioner was present for his bail before the court concerned , then the accused persons , namely , Airaz Ahmad Siddiqui , Iraj Ahamad Siddiqui , his father Jamaruddin ( Ex . ADJ ) , Aamir Nakvi , Advocate , Pradeep , Advocate Saraan Kahn , Advocate , Sahil , Advocate and a friend of Iraj Anmad Zuber and Tarik along with other persons entered into the court room and started beating him with kick and fists and Danda while the petitioner was in judicial custody . At that time , Presiding Officer was present in Court . He made an effort for his rescue . His mother made an effort for the rescue of the petitioner then Iraz Ahmad also caused her injuries . Thereafter the police force was called and the