in appropriate cases administers remedies in rem , i.e. , against the property , as well as remedies in personam , i.e. , against the party personally .... ” ( Benedict , The Law of American Admiralty , 6th ed . , Vol . I p. 3 . ) 46 . Admiralty Law confers upon the claimant a right in rem to proceed against the ship or cargo as distinguished from a right in personam to proceed against the owner . The arrest of the ship is regarded as a mere procedure to obtained security to satisfy judgment . A successful plaintiff in an action in rem has a right to recover damages against the property of the defendant . “ The liability of the ship owner is not limited to the value of the res primarily proceeded against .... An action ... though originally commenced in rem , becomes a personal action against a defendant upon appearance , and he becomes liable for the full amount of a judgment unless protected by the statutory provisions for the limitation of liability ” . ' ( Roscoe 's Admiralty Practice , 5th ed . p. 29 ) 47 . The foundation of an action in rem , which is a peculiarity of the Anglo - American law , arises from _ a maritime lien or claim imposing a personal liability upon the owner of the vessel . A defendant in an admiralty action in personam is liable for the full amount of the plaintiff 's established claim . Likewise , a defendant acknowledging service in an action in rem is liable to be saddled with full liability even when the amount of the judgment exceeds the value of the res or of the bail provided . An action in rem lies in the English High Court in respect of matters regulated by the Supreme Court Act 1981 , and in relation to a number of claims the jurisdiction can be invoked not only against the offending ship in question but also against a ‘ sistership ’ i.e. , a ship in the same beneficial ownership as the ship in regard to which the claim arose .      “ The vessel which commits the aggression is treated as the offender , as the guilty instrument or thing to which the forfeiture attaches , without any reference whatsoever to the character or Page 18 of 57