11 such institutions would be put to serious jeopardy , apart from the fact whether such institutions could run the medical college without following the law . Therefore , we make it clear that the High Court ought not to grant such interim orders in any of the cases where the Council has not granted permission in terms of Section 10-A of the Medical Council Act . If interim orders are granted to those institutions which have been established without fulfilling the prescribed conditions to admit students , it will lead to serious jeopardy to the students admitted in these institutions . ” B. In Medical Council of India v. JSS Medical College and another ’ , this Court stated : “ , .... 12 . Without adverting to the aforesaid issues and many other issues which may arise for determination , the High Court , in our opinion , erred in permitting increase in seats by an interim order . In normal circumstances the High Court should not issue interim order granting permission for increase of the seats . The High Court ought to realise that granting such permission by an interim order has a cascading effect . By virtue of such order students are admitted as in the present case and though many of them had taken the risk knowingly but few may be ignorant . In most of such cases when finally the issue is decided against the College the welfare and plight of the students are ultimately projected to arouse sympathy of the Court . It results in a very awkward and difficult situation . If on ultimate analysis it is found that the College ’s claim for increase of seats is untenable , in such an event the admission of students with reference to the increased seats shall be illegal . We can not imagine anything more destructive of the rule of law than a direction by the Court to allow continuance of such students , whose admissions is found illegal in the ultimate analysis . 13 . This Court is entrusted with the task to administer law and uphold its majesty . Courts can not by its fiat increase the 2 ( 2012 ) 5 SCC 628