“ 22 . From the aforesaid authorities , it is perspicuous that the court should not pass such interim orders in the matters of admission , more so , when the institution had not been accorded approval . Such kind of interim orders are likely to cause chaos , anarchy and uncertainty . And , there is no reason for creating such situations . There is no justification or requirement . The High Court may feel that while exercising power under Article 226 of the Constitution , it can pass such orders with certain qualifiers as has been done by the impugned order , but it really does not save the situation . It is because an institution which has not been given approval for the course , gets a premium . That apart , by virtue of interim order , the Court grants approval in a way which is the subject - matter of final adjudication before it . The anxiety of the students to get admission reigns supreme as they feel that the institution is granting admission on the basis of an order passed by the High Court . The institution might be directed to inform the students that the matter is sub judice , but the career oriented students get into the college with the hope and aspiration that in the ultimate eventuate everything shall be correct for them and they will be saved . It can be thought of from another perspective , that is , the students had deliberately got into such a situation . But it is seemly to note that it is the institution that had approached the High Court and sought a relief of the present nature . By saying that the institution may give admission at its own risk invites further chaotic and unfortunate situations . 23 . The High Court has to realise the nature of the lis or the controversy . It is quite different . It is not a construction which is built at the risk of a plaintiff or the defendant which can be demolished or redeemed by grant of compensation . It is a situation where the order has the potentiality to play with the career and life of young peoples . One may say , “ ... life is a foreign language ; all mispronounce it ” , but it has to be borne in mind that artificial or contrived accident is not the goal of life . 2 ” ee eeeee 13