8 consequence , Shri Rathore continued to look after the current duties of the post of Director , CCBF , Suratgarh . 12 . Now the question which arises for our consideration is whether an officer looking after the current duties of a post , could exercise the statutory power as vested in the regular incumbent of that post . In Government of India , Ministry of Home Affairs , OM No . F. 7/14/61-Ests . ( A ) dated 24.1.63 , clarification was issued that ; ‘ an officer appointed to perform the current duties of an appointment can exercise administrative or financial powers vested in the full-fledged incumbent of the post but he can not exercise statutory powers whether those powers are derived direct from an act of parliament or rules Regulations and ByLaw made under various Articles of the constitutions ( e.g. , Fundamental Rules Classifications , Control and Appeal Rules Civil Services Regulations Delegations of Financial Powers Rules etc. ) ’ ( emphasis supplied ) . 13 . By order dated 15.7.99 Shri . M.N. Hague , was posted as Director , CCBF , but only by virtue of the direction of this Tribunal in OA . 204/99 , Shri Rathore , was permitted to look after the current charge . Obviously , this would not have empowered Shri Rathore to exercise statutory powers of the post of Director . For the purpose of statutory powers , he was only an Agriculture Officer . Thus , the contention of the learned counsel for the applicant that Shri Rathore had been declared as ‘ Head of Office ’ and so could have exercised powers of appointment by virtue of Rule-2 ( j ) of the CCS ( CCA ) Rules has no force . In view of the specific clarification given under Rule-12 in Government of India ’s Order No. 2 that an officer holding current charge of duties of a post can not exercise statutory powers . The conclusion is obvious that Shri H.S. Rathore , at the time of recruiting the applicants , was only a Agriculture Officer looking after the current charge of the post of Director , CCBF , Suratgarh , and he had no authority to make any appointment to Group - C & D . It is a clear case of Shri Rathore exceeding his authority . Even if , he had processed the appointment , offer of appointments , obviously could not have been made while and unless , he had obtained approval from the Ministry of Agriculture . In fact , he did make a reference to the Ministry on 16.11.99 seeking approval or filling up these posts but for