50 appreciate the said concept , we are required to analyse the nature of federalism that is conceived under the Constitution . Be it noted , the essential characteristics of federalism like duality of governments , distribution of powers between the Union and the State Governments , supremacy of the Constitution , existence of a written Constitution and most importantly , authority of the courts as final interpreters of the Constitution are all present under our constitutional scheme . But at the same time , the Constitution has certain features which can very well be perceived as deviations from the federal character . We may , in brief , indicate some of these features to underscore the fact that though our Constitution broadly has a federal character , yet it still has certain striking unitary features too . Under Article 3 of the Constitution , Parliament can alter or change the areas , boundaries or names of the States . During emergency , the Union Parliament is empowered to make laws in relation to matters under the State List , give directions to the States and empower Union officers to execute matters in the State List . That apart , in case of inconsistency between the Union and the State laws , the Union Law shall prevail . Additionally , a Governor of a State is empowered to reserve the Bill passed by the State Legislature for consideration of the President and the President is not bound to give his assent to such a Bill . Further , a State Legislature can be dissolved and President ’s rule can be imposed in a State either on the report of the Governor or otherwise when there is failure of the constitutional machinery in the State . ” 52 . It has been laid down by this Court in the above cases , which is clear from above precedents that Indian Constitution has adopted federal structure . Although , it is not in the strict mould of federalism as understood in theory . That is why , different Constitution Benches of this Court have termed the Indian Constitution as a quasi - federal but the essential