43 the more important heads of legislation are placed in List I. Even among the legislative heads mentioned in List II , several of them , e.g. , Entries 2 , 13 , 17 , 23 , 24 , 26 , 27 , 32 , 33 , 50 , 57 and 63 are either limited by or made subject to certain entries in List I to some or the other extent . Even in the Concurrent List ( List III ) , the parliamentary enactment is given the primacy , irrespective of the fact whether such enactment is earlier or later in point of time to a State enactment on the same subject - matter . Residuary powers are with the Centre . By the 42nd Amendment , quite a few of the entries in List II were omitted and/or transferred to other lists . Above all , Article 3 empowers Parliament to form new States out of existing States either by merger or division as also to increase , diminish or alter the boundaries of the States . 276 . The fact that under the scheme of our Constitution , greater power is conferred upon the Centre vis - a - vis the States does not mean that States are mere appendages of the Centre . Within the sphere allotted to them , States are supreme . The Centre can not tamper with their powers . More particularly , the courts should not adopt an = approach , an interpretation , which has the effect of or tends to have the effect of whittling down the powers reserved to the States . It is a matter of common knowledge that over the last several decades , the trend the world over is towards strengthening of Central Governments — be it the result of advances in technological / scientific fields or otherwise , and that even in USA the Centre has become far more powerful notwithstanding the obvious bias in that Constitution in favour of the States . All this must put the court on guard against any conscious whittling down of the powers of the States . Let it be said that the federalism in the Indian Constitution is not a matter of administrative convenience , but one of principle — the outcome of our own historical process and a recognition of the ground realities . This aspect has been dealt with elaborately by Shri M.C. Setalvad in his Tagore Law Lectures “ Union and State Relations under the Indian Constitution ” ( Eastern Law House , Calcutta , 1974 ) . The nature of the Indian federation with reference to its