62 with the help of conventions which grow with the passage of time . Conventions are vital insofar as they fill up the gaps in the Constitution itself , help solve problems of interpretation , and allow for the future development of the constitutional framework . Whatever the nature of the Constitution , a great deal may be left unsaid in legal rules allowing enormous discretion to the constitutional functionaries . Conventions regulate the exercise of that discretion . A power which , juridically , is conferred upon a person or body of persons may be transferred , guided , or canalised by the operation of the conventional rule . K.C. Wheare in his book Modern Constitutions ( 1967 Edn . ) elaborates such a rule as under : “ What often happens is that powers granted in a Constitution are indeed exercised but that , while they are in law exercised by those to whom they are granted , they are in practice exercised by some other person or body of persons . Convention , in short , transfers powers granted in a Constitution from one person to another . ” 341 . The primary role of conventions is to regulate the exercise of discretion — presumably to guard against the irresponsible abuse of powers . Colin R. Munro in his book Studies in Constitutional Law ( 1987 Edn . ) has summed up the field of operation of the conventions in _ the following words : “ Some of the most important conventions , therefore , are , as Dicey said , concerned with ‘ the discretionary powers of the Crown ’ and how they should be exercised . But it is not only in connection with executive government and legislature - executive relations that we find such rules and practices in operation . They may be found in other spheres of constitutional activity too ; for example , in relations between the Houses of Parliament and in the workings of each House , in the legislative process , in judicial administration and judicial behaviour , in the civil service , in local government , and in the relations with other members of the Commonwealth . ” ”