lapsed , as in the meantime the provisions for disqualification of the driver contained in Sections 19 , 20 , 21 , 22 , 23 and 24 will not be attracted , would indisputably confer a right upon the person to get his driving licence renewed . In that view of the matter , he can not be said to be delicensed and the same shall remain valid for a period of thirty days after its expiry . ” The following conclusion has been recorded in summation in the judgment : : “ ( ili ) The breach of policy condition e.g. disqualification of the driver or invalid driving licence of the driver , as contained in sub-section ( 2 ) ( a ) ( ii ) of Section 149 , has to be proved to have been committed by the insured for avoiding liability by the insurer . Mere absence , fake or invalid driving licence or disqualification of the driver for driving at the relevant time , are not in themselves defences available to the insurer against either the insured or the third parties . To avoid its liability towards the insured , the insurer has to prove that the insured was guilty of negligence and failed to exercise reasonable care in the matter of fulfilling the condition of the policy regarding use of vehicles by a duly licensed driver or one who was not disqualified to drive at the relevant time . ( iv ) Insurance companies , however , with a view to avoid their liability must not only establish the available defence ( s ) raised in the said proceedings but must also establish “ preach ” on the part of the owner of the vehicle ; the burden of proof wherefor would be on them . ( v ) The court can not lay down any criteria as to how the said burden would be discharged , inasmuch as the same would depend upon the facts and circumstances of each case . ( vi ) Even where the insurer is able to prove breach on the part of the insured concerning the policy condition regarding holding of a valid licence by the driver or his qualification to drive during the relevant period , the insurer would not be allowed to avoid its liability towards the insured unless the said breach or breaches on the condition of driving licence is/are so fundamental as are found to have contributed to the cause of the accident . The Tribunals in interpreting the policy conditions would apply “ the rule of main purpose ” and the concept of “ fundamental breach ” to allow defences available to the insurer under Section 149 ( 2 ) of the Act . ( vii ) The question , as to whether the owner has taken reasonable care to find out as to whether the driving licence produced by the driver ( a fake one or otherwise ) , does not