15 . The CLAT of 2018 was fraught with various imperfections . The major defects found are categorized as follows : i. The majority of complaints relate to failure of initial log in . Multiple log in appears to have affected the performance of the system . Software and hardware efficiency will depend upon server capacity and efficacy . Under Cl.8 , page 8 , of Ann . XII , the Service Provider was duty bound to provide trouble - free software . Common defect of initial log in failure must have arisen from the hardware , software or network deficiencies . ii . Conduct of a test of this magnitude without providing efficient software and computers to the candidates has resulted in avoidable interruptions in answering questions . iii . Infrastructural defects like want of / failure of the air conditioning systems which stood in the way of the best performance of students in many centres in the examination conducted at the peak of summer . iv . Power failure which affected many centres has resulted in loss of time and disturbance to the concentration of mind required for a smooth performance in a competitive test . v. Failure of invigilators to facilitate re - login which is essential for availing the benefit of extended time granted to compensate for lost time arising from power failure , system hanging , etc . vi . Failure to grant extended time even in cases where the first log in attempt failed or in the subsequent attempt / s the time obtained is lower than what is prescribed , though such reduction was only marginal . vii . To redress the genuine grievances projected , two courses appear to be open . They are : 1 , The cancellation of the entire test and re - conduct thereof . The Committee does not suggest the same considering the magnitude of the requirements and the need to ensure smooth education of the successful candidates during the current academic year . 2 . A method to compensate the students with some marks considering the lost time for those who underwent the need to re long in more than once ; loss of opportunity to get extended