time or to avail the same even after being found eligible . This committee , as it stands , now , has no capacity to suggest a compensatory formula . Either it has to be expanded including a statistician of competence or in the alternative , consider a formula or other compensatory solution suggested at the Bar , if any . 3 . When the list is redrawn after providing compensation as above , it has to be ensured that the rank of candidates in the existing list are not affected . That is to say , in case one more candidates with the same mark acquires eligibility for the reason that another person with the same mark has got into the eligibility list as per the existing rank , ( say 51 ) , such candidates may be added with Rank Nos . 51A , 51B , etc . and for accommodating the number of such additional entrants an equal number of supernumerary seats may be created on an ad hoc basis . This will ensure that no heart burn is caused to candidates who have already ensured their berth in the rank list . 4 , No relief is suggested on the ground of errors in framing of questions or in the matter of fixing the answer key . This is so because a Committee of four vice chancellors has already reviewed the questions and answers thread bare and found , in its meeting held on 13.05.2018 that inaccuracy exists only in the case of Qn . No . 83(393 ) and proceeded to cancel that Question and accordingly directed evaluation of the paper treating the total marks only as 199 instead of 200 as originally planned . With regard to Qn . No.153 ( 463 ) which originally carried a wrong answer key , it was decided by that VC Committee to correct the answer key and to upload the corrected key in CLAT-2018 web site . The result declared is in accordance with the above changes . The controversy over inaccuracy of questions and key may end there . ” 6 . The audit report placed along with the Report sets out all relevant details as to that how the candidates had navigated from one question to the other and the exact Log in and Log out time . The audit report also gives