the creditor may , by a notice in writing require the debtor / borrower to discharge his liabilities within 60 days . On receipt of a notice , the borrower may make a representation or raise any objection . The creditor is then bound to consider the representation or objection . If the creditor comes to the conclusion that the representation is not acceptable or tenable , the creditor is required to communicate the reasons for the non - acceptance of the representation/ objection within fifteen days . Where the borrower fails to discharge his liability in full , the creditor may take any of the actions under sub- section ( 4 ) which include the taking over of possession of the secured assets et cetera . ( d ) require at any time by notice in writing , any person who has acquired any of the secured assets from the borrower and from whom any money is due or may become due to the borrower , to pay the secured creditor , so much of the money as is sufficient to pay the secured debt .    18 3-A. Reply to Representation of the borrower . ( a ) After issue of demand notice under sub - section ( 2 ) of section 13 , if the borrower makes any representation or raises any objection to the notice , the Authorised Officer shall consider such representation or objection and examine whether the same is acceptable or tenable . ( b ) If on examining the representation made or objection raised by the borrower , the secured creditor is satisfied that there is a need to make any changes or modifications in the demand notice , he shall modify the notice accordingly and serve a revised notice or pass such other suitable orders as deemed necessary , within fifteen days from the date of receipt of the representation or objection . ( c ) If on examining the representation made or objection raised , the Authorized Officer comes to the conclusion that such representation or objection is not acceptable or tenable , he shall communicate within fifteen days of receipt of such representation or objection , the reasons for non - acceptance of the representation or objection , to the borrower . 10