others is intended to protect agricultural land held for agricultural purposes by agriculturists from the extraordinary provisions of this Act , which provides for enforcement of security interest without intervention of the Court . The plain intention of the provision is to exempt agricultural land from the provisions of the Act . In other words , the creditor can not enforce any security interest created in his favour without intervention of the Court or Tribunal , if such security interest is in respect of agricultural land . The exemption thus protects agriculturists from losing their source of livelihood and income i.e. the agricultural land , under the drastic provision of the Act . It is also intended to deter the creation of security interest over agricultural land as defined in Section 2 ( zf)* ° . Thus , security interest can not be created in respect of property specified in Section 31 . 39 . In the present case , security interest was created in respect of several parcels of land , which were meant to be a part of single unit i.e. the five star hotel in Goa . Some parcels of land now claimed as agricultural land were apparently purchased by the debtor from 36 ( zf ) “ security interest ” means right , title or interest of any kind , other than those specified in section 31 , upon property created in favour of any secured creditor and includes(i ) any mortgage , charge , hypothecation , assignment or any right , title or interest of any kind , on tangible asset , retained by the secured creditor as an owner of the property , given on hire or financial lease or conditional sale or under any other contract which secures the obligation to pay any unpaid portion of the purchase price of the asset or an obligation incurred or credit provided to enable the borrower to acquire the tangible asset ; or ( ii ) such right , title or interest in any intangible asset or assignment or licence of such intangible asset which secures the obligation to pay any unpaid portion of the purchase price of the intangible asset or the obligation incurred or any credit provided to enable the borrower to acquire the intangible asset or licence of intangible asset ; 24