" 45 . ... The purpose of serving a notice upon the borrower under sub - section ( 2 ) of Section 13 of the Act is , that a reply may be submitted by the borrower explaining the reasons as to why measures may or may not be taken under sub - section ( 4 ) of Section 13 in case of non - compliance with notice within 60 days . The creditor must apply its mind to the objections raised in reply to such notice and an internal mechanism must be particularly evolved to consider such objections raised in the reply to the notice . There may be some meaningful consideration of the objections raised rather than to ritually reject them and proceed to take drastic measures under sub - section ( 4 ) of Section 13 of the Act . Once such a duty is envisaged on the part of the creditor it would only be conducive to the principles of fairness on the part of the banks and financial institutions in dealing with their borrowers to apprise them of the reason for not accepting the objections or points raised in reply to the notice served upon them _ before proceeding to take measures under sub - section ( 4 ) of Section 13 . Such reasons , overruling the objections of the borrower , must also be communicated to the borrower by the secured creditor . It will only be in fulfillment of a requirement of reasonableness and fairness in the dealings of institutional financing which is so important from the point of view of the economy of the country and would serve the purpose in the growth of a healthy economy . It would certainly provide guidance to the secured debtors in general in conducting the affairs in a manner that they may not be found defaulting and being made liable for the unsavoury steps contained under sub - section ( 4 ) of Section 13 . At the same time , more importantly , we must make it clear unequivocally that communication of the reasons for not accepting the objections taken by the secured borrower may not be taken to give occasion to resort to such proceedings which are not permissible under the provisions of the Act . But communication of reasons not to accept the objections of the borrower , would certainly be for the purpose of his knowledge which would be a step forward towards his right to know as to why his objections have not been accepted by the secured 12