annual lease money of Rs.2,86,992/- which actually worked out to Rs.23,916/- which is presently being paid by H.P. Tourism Development Corporation , the aforesaid M / s N&S Resorts has now offered the monthly lease money of Rs.6,51,000/- , almost twenty eight - twenty nine times of what is being paid by HPTDC . We have no doubt in our minds that the aforesaid offer by PTDC . We have no doubt in our minds that the aforesaid offer by M / s . N&S Resorts is in best public interest . We are also convinced that H.P. Tourism Development Corporation did not have any legal , contractual or statutory right to continue occupying the premises in question for any indefinite period . Apart from the fact that the HPTDC does not have any contractual or statutory right to continue occupying the premises in question for any indefinite period , merely because the HPTDC is a Government owned Corporation , does not mean that , in law , it should have any preferential right of holding on to the occupation of the property despite it paying a very meager amount as lease money . Related to this issue is also the question of pure commercial nature of the property . The property in question is a Restaurant , situated at perhaps the most prime location of Shimla town . The Restaurant is to be run on pure commercial lines and has to serve the best public interest . Therefore , viewed from every angle , it can not be said that merely because the HPTDC is a government owned Corporation , it should be treated differently than others in the matter of allotment of property on lease . We feel that in such like matters whichever party pays the highest price should be held entitled to the grant of lease . It may also be worthwhile to recount that at one stage , we had an occasion to go through the accounts of HPTDC for the last few years and we found that in every year the HPTDC has been incurring losses , year after year , as far as the running of this particular Restaurant in question is concerned . Not only that , actually at one stage the HPTDC was in such a precarious position that it had not even paid the arrears of rent to the Corporation for almost a decade or so . In this background , therefore , burdening the HPTDC with the running of this restaurant and at the same time 10