2 . Contusion of subcutaneous tissues over the fracture site . . Brain contusion of the entire cortex of the brain on oth sides over parietal and occipitalareas . 3 b 4 . Pericardium empty , Heart empty . 5 . Right lung congested . 6 About 100 ml of blood in right plural cavity . 7 Stomach about 400 ml of digested for . 8 Liver pale Kidney are pale , and bladder is empty . sox Opinion as to cause of death : The deceased would appear to have died of Head injury and multiple burns of the body leading to death about 6 - 8 hours prior to the Post Mortem ” Injuries on the dead body of D-4 : “ External injuries : 1 . A burst out laceration injury on the back of the body of size 17 % " x 14 % ” horizontal involving entire left side and extending on to the right side upto 7 ” away from right posterior axillary line . Upper border extending to just above the left supra scapular border . Lower border extending upto 3 ” above the waistline . Left side of injury extending on to the left anterior axillary line . Skin at the edge is torn into irregular flaps with yellow staining of under surface of skin flaps here and there . Left para vertebral muscle missing in the wound except 3 ” size muscle flap at the lower end of the wound . The upper end of this muscle flap is irregular torn and the muscle surface is charred . Left half of the vertebral column is seen with ribs corresponding to the wound missing . Right sided paravertabral muscle present in its entire length but blackened . Left scapula with its lower 2/3 missing is exposed at the upper side of the wound . Floor of the wound is irregularly lacerated with blackened . Lacerated organs like left lung , heart spleen , stomach , left kidney are lying exposed in the floor of the wound . Intestinal coils are also seen in the floor of the wound . Darkened liquid blood is preset in the floor of the wound seven # 4 ” size nails are found in the floor of the wound . The shirt corresponding to the wound is torn on the back . 2 . Yellow staining and blackened of kin of size 8 ” x 3 ” present on the lower end of arm , elbow and upper end of forearm of left side on the exposed black aspect . In this area hair is lost . At the periphery of this area is singed . 13