upon the respondents and , therefore , the delay was of 5 years and 54 days and was condoned on the ground that the appellant also took number of years in serving the summons upon the respondent . Appeal against this order filed by the appellant has been dismissed vide impugned order dated April 18 , 2016 affirming the order of the learned Single Judge . The entire reasoning in support of this order is contained in para 5 of the judgment of the High Court which reads as under : “ 5 In the impugned order , the learned Judge has assigned reasons . He has found from the record and the affidavits placed , that even the Appellant / Plaintiff did not take any concrete steps . In a suit filed in the year 2000 , the writ of summons was not prepared and served till 2009 . In paragraph 6 of the impugned order , the explanation that the writ of summons was served promptly has not been accepted . The learned Judge has found that the writ of summons was not served for a period of nine years after institution or filing of the suit . In such circumstances an overall view of the matter was taken and by balancing the rights and equities , the learned Judge has granted the request of the Respondents to allow them to file the Written Statement and defend the suit / claim on merits . In the process , the learned Judge has relied upon well settled principle that all procedural rules are handmaids of justice . So long as there is no irreparable loss or prejudice or a case made out of malafides ordinarily a party should be allowed to defend legal proceedings is the rule invoked and applied , then , we do not think that in the facts and circumstances of the present case , the application of such rule can be faulted . Once the rights and equities have been balanced , then , we do not think that in further appellate jurisdiction such an order deserves interference . The Appeal is devoid of merits and is dismissed . By consent of parties , the time to take inspection of the documents and complete pretrial formalities is extended by eight weeks . ” Civil Appeal Nos . 4266 - 4267 of 2018 Page 9 of 15