bail application , the remarks and observations of the arresting officer can also be properly evaluated by the court . 89 . It is imperative for the courts to carefully and with meticulous precision evaluate the facts of the case . The discretion must be exercised on the basis of the available material and the facts of the particular case . In cases where the court is of the considered view that the accused has joined investigation and he is fully cooperating with the investigating agency and is not likely to abscond , in that event , custodial interrogation should be avoided . XXX XXX XXX 115 . In Joginder Kumar case [ ( 1994 ) 4 SCC 260 : 1994 SCC ( Cri ) 1172 ] a three - Judge Bench of this Court has referred to the 3rd Report of the National Police Commission , in which it is mentioned that the quality of arrests by the police in India mentioned the power of arrest as one of the chief sources of corruption in the police . The Report suggested that , by and large , nearly 60 % of the arrests were either unnecessary or unjustified and that such unjustified police action accounted for 43.2 % of the expenditure of the jails . 116 . Personal liberty is a very precious fundamental right and it should be curtailed only when it becomes imperative according to the peculiar facts and circumstances of the case . 117 . In case , the State considers the following suggestions in proper perspective then perhaps it may not be necessary to curtail the personal liberty of the accused ina routine manner . These suggestions are only illustrative and not exhaustive : ( 1 ) Direct the accused to join the investigation and only when the accused does not cooperate with the investigating agency , then only the accused be arrested . ( 2 ) Seize either the passport or such other related documents , such as , the title deeds of properties or the fixed deposit receipts / share certificates of the accused . Criminal Appeal No . 569 of 2018 & Anr . @ SLP ( Crl . ) No . 5611 of 2017 & Anr . Page 16 of 23