blunt substance appears to have been used to cause strangulation leading to the death on account of asphyxia . However , no such hard or blunt substance was found or seized from the room . Doctors have not found any physical signs of internal injuries viz . any extravasation of blood in the tissue or any laceration in the underlying muscles . 37 . Considering the post - mortem reports , Exts . Ka-10 and Ka-11 and the evidence of PWs 10 and 11 , in our view , reasonable doubts arise as to the cause of death due to asphyxia as a result of strangulation . Let us consider the injuries found on the body of deceased Francesco Montis vis - a - vis symptoms of strangulation . As per Modi 's Medical Jurisprudence And Toxicology , 24th Edn . 2011 , p. 453 the symptoms of strangulation are stated as under : “ ( b)Appearances due to Asphyxia.—The face is puffy and cyanosed , and marked with petechiae . The eyes are prominent and open . In some cases , they may be closed . The conjunctivae are congested and the pupils are dilated . Petechiae are seen in the eyelids and the conjunctivae . The lips are blue . Bloody foam escapes from the mouth and nostrils , and sometimes , pure blood issues from the mouth , nose and ears , especially if great violence has been used . The tongue is often swollen , bruised , protruding and dark in colour , showing patches of extravasation and occasionally bitten by the teeth . There may be evidence of bruising at the back of the neck . The hands are usually clenched . The genital organs may be congested and there may be discharge of urine , faeces and seminal fluid . ( ii ) Internal Appearance.—The neck and _ its structures should be examined after removing the brain and the chest organs , thus allowing blood to drain from the neck to the blood vessels . There is extravasation of blood into the sub - cutaneous tissues under the ligature mark or finger marks , as well as in the adjacent muscles of the neck , which are usually lacerated . Sometimes , there is laceration of the sheath of the carotid arteries , as also their internal coats with effusion of blood into their walls . The cornua of the hyoid bone may be fractured also the superior cornua of thyroid cartilage but fracture of the cervical vertebrae is extremely rare . These should be Criminal Appeal No . 569 of 2018 & Anr . @ SLP ( Crl . ) No . 5611 of 2017 & Anr . Page 14 of 23