carefully dissected in situ as they are difficult to distinguish from dissection artefacts in the neck . ” ( emphasis in original ) XXX XXX XXX 40 . The courts , normally would look at expert evidence with a greater sense of acceptability , but it is equally true that the courts are not absolutely guided by the report of the experts , especially if such reports are perfunctory and unsustainable . We agree that the purpose of an expert opinion is primarily to assist the court in arriving at a final conclusion but such report is not a conclusive one . This Court is expected to analyse the report , read it in conjunction with the other evidence on record and then form its final opinion as to whether such report is worthy of reliance or not . As discussed earlier , serious doubts arise about the cause of death stated in the post - mortem reports . ” ( ii ) | . Siddharam Satlingappa Mhetra v. State of Maharashtra & Ors . * : “ 87 . The complaint filed against the accused needs to be thoroughly examined including the aspect whether the complainant has filed a false or frivolous complaint on earlier occasion . The court should also examine the fact whether there is any family dispute between the accused and the complainant and the complainant must be clearly told that if the complaint is found to be false or frivolous , then strict action will be taken against him in accordance with law . If the connivance between the complainant and the investigating officer is established then action be taken against the investigating officer in accordance with law . 88 . The gravity of charge and the exact role of the accused must be properly comprehended . Before arrest , the arresting officer must record the valid reasons which have led to the arrest of the accused in the case diary . In exceptional cases the reasons could be recorded immediately after the arrest , so that while dealing with the 4 ( 2011 ) 1 SCC 694 Criminal Appeal No . 569 of 2018 & Anr . @ SLP ( Crl . ) No . 5611 of 2017 & Anr . Page 15 of 23