51 ( a ) A lets a house to B for five years . B underlets the house to C at a monthly rent of Rs.100 . The five years expire , but C continues in possession of the house and pays the rent to A. C ’s lease is renewed from month to month . ( b ) A lets a farm to B for the life of C. C dies , but B continues in possession with A ’s assent . B ’s lease is renewed from year to year . ” 40 . We must quote with profit the meaning of the expression ‘ lease ’ , ‘ leasehold ’ , ‘ leasehold interest ’ , ‘ tenancy ’ , and ‘ tenancy at sufferance ’ ; as predicated in Black ’s Law Dictionary ( 9 ™ Edn . ) . The same read as follows : Lease , n. ( 14c ) 1- A contract by which a rightful possessor of real property conveys the right to use and occupy the property in exchange for consideration , usu.rent . — The lease can be for a fixed period , or for a period terminable at will . [ Cases : Landlord and Tenant-20 . ] 2- Such a conveyance plus all covenants attached to it . 3- The written instrument memorializing such a conveyance and its covenants . - all termed lease agreement ; lease contract . 4- The price of real property so conveyed . 5- A contact by which the rightful possessor of personal property conveys the right to use that property in exchange for consideration . [ Cases : Bailment-1 . ] Leasehold , n. ( 18c ) A tenant ’s possessory estate in land or premises , the four types being the tenancy for years , the periodic tenancy , the tenancy at will , and the tenancy at sufferance . * Although a leasehold has some of the characteristics of real property , it has historically been classified as a chattel real . - Also termed leasehold estate ; leasehold interest . See TENANCY . Cf . FREEHOLD . [ Cases : Landlord and Tenant-70 , 113 , 117 . ] Leasehold interest . ( 18c ) 1- LEASEHOLD ; esp . for purposes of eminent domain , the lessee ’s interest in the lease itself , measured by difference between the total remaining rent and the rent the lessee would pay for similar space for the same