26 therefore appreciated that unless the words “ charged under the decree ” were deleted the section could never give any relief to any landlord whose estate had been acquired . 12 . This Court in the Bombay case referred to the observations of Lord Asquith in East End Dwellings Co. Ltd. v. Finsbury Borough Council , 1952 AC 109 that “ If you are bidden to treat an imaginary state of affairs as real , you must surely , unless prohibited from doing so , also imagine as real the consequences and incidents which , if the putative state of affairs had in fact existed , must inevitably have flowed from or accompanied it .... The statute says that you must imagine a certain state of affairs ; it does not say that having done so , you must cause or permit your imagination to boggle when it comes to the inevitable corollaries of that state of affairs ” . These observations indicate that the words “ charged under the decree ” in Section 4(2 ) of the 1952 Act were never there with the inevitable consequence that the only statutory requirement is whether the mortgaged property consists of estate which has been acquired under the provisions of the U.P. Zamindari Abolition and Land Reforms Act , 1950 . 13 . On November 27 , 1962 when the matter was heard by the High Court , this amendment did not come into the statute - book . That is why the judgment - debtor made an application to bring it to the notice of the High Court that the law was that the words “ charged under the decree ” were always deemed to have been deleted and this law was effective from the date of coming into force of the 1952 Act on May 25 , 1953 . The High Court by a majority opinion was of the view that the judgment - debtors should be given relief under Order 47 of the Code of Civil Procedure the principles of review are defined by the Code and the words “ any other sufficient reason ” in Order 47 of the Code would mean a reason sufficient on grounds analogous to those specified immediately previously in that order . The grounds for review are the discovery of new matters or evidence which , after the exercise of due diligence , was not within his knowledge or could not be produced by him at the time when the decree was passed or order made , or the review is asked for on account of some mistake or error apparent on the face of the record . In Rajah Kotagiri Venkata Subbamma Rao v. Rajah Vellanki Venkatrama Rao , Lord Davey at p. 205 of the