62 18 . One decision which requires specific mention and is obviously nearest on facts to the present case is Mahabir Prasad Verma v. Surinder Kaur . In that case , the contractual tenancy was for a period of one month from April 1 , 1974 to April 30 , 1974 with the landlord ’s consent for sub - letting . The tenant continued to occupy the premises even after expiry of the contractual tenancy on April 30 , 1974 and inducted therein a sub - tenant . The landlord sued for eviction of the tenant on the ground of unlawful sub - letting of the premises which was a ground for eviction under the relevant Rent Act . There was some dispute about the time of induction of the sub - tenant , it being claimed by the tenant that the induction of the subtenant was in the month of April 1974 during subsistence of the contractual tenancy while the landlord contended that the sub - letting was after the month of April 1974 . It was found as a fact that the tenant had sublet in the month of April 1974 when the written consent of the landlord subsisted and not subsequent to it in May as claimed by the landlord . The crux of the question for decision therein was stated thus : ( SCC p. 269 , para 24 ) “ The crux of the question , therefore , is whether the sub - letting by the tenant with the written consent of landlord during the currency of the tenancy becomes unlawful and illegal on the determination of the tenancy and furnishes a ground for eviction within the meaning of Section 13(2)(ii)(a ) of the Act . ” On the finding that the sub - tenant had been inducted during the period of contractual tenancy on the basis of the written consent for sub - letting given by the landlord , the sub - letting did not become unlawful merely because the contractual tenancy of the tenant came to an end and the protection against eviction to the tenant as a statutory tenant also enured to the benefit of the lawful sub - tenant recognised by the statute . It was held as under : ( SCC p. 271 , paras 26 & 27 ) “ Sub - letting lawfully done with the written consent of the landlord does not become unlawful merely on the ground that the contractual tenancy has come to an end . Subletting to constitute a valid ground for eviction