58 Kumarl1 this Court has laid down that the termination of a contractual tenancy does not bring about a change in the status and legal position of the tenant unless there are contrary provision in the relevant Rent Act and the tenant , notwithstanding the termination of tenancy , does enjoy an estate or interest in the tenanted premises . It is further laid down that this interest or estate which the tenant continues to enjoy despite termination of the contractual tenancy creates a heritable interest in the absence of any provision to the contrary . This Court has also held that the legislature which by the Rent Act seeks to confer the benefit on the tenants and to afford protection against eviction , is perfectly competent to make appropriate provision regulating the nature of protection and the manner and extent of enjoyment of such tenancy rights after the termination of contractual tenancy of the tenant including the rights and the nature of protection of the heirs on the death of the tenant . ” “ 15 . From these provisions , it would appear that except in cases covered by the two provisos to sub - section ( 1 ) of Section 23 , there is a prohibition for a tenant to sublet whole or any part of the premises let to him or to assign or transfer in any other manner his interest therein . This prohibition is , however , subject to a contract to the contrary . A tenant who sublets or assigns or transfers the premises in contravention of this prohibition loses the protection of law and can be evicted by the landlord under Section 21(1 ) ( . In the case of a statutory tenant , the relationship is not governed by contract . The prohibition against assignment and transfer is , therefore , absolute and the interest of a statutory tenant can neither be assigned nor transferred . This means that the interest of the statutory tenant in the premises in his occupation , as governed by the Karnataka Rent Control Act is a limited interest which enables the surviving spouse or any son or daughter or father or mother of a deceased tenant who had been living with the tenant in the premises as a member of the tenant ’s family up to the death of the tenant and a person continuing in possession after the termination of the tenancy in his favour , to inherit the interest of the tenant on his death . The said interest of the tenant is , however , not assignable or transferable and , therefore , the interest of a company which is continuing in occupation of the premises