provided by the conferment of the discretionary authority not to one individual but to a body of men , requiring the final decision to be taken after full interaction and effective consultation between themselves , to ensure projection of all likely points of view and procuring the element of plurality in the final decision with the benefit of the collective wisdom of all those involved in the process . The conferment of this discretionary authority in the highest functionaries is a further check in the same direction . The constitutional scheme excludes the scope of absolute power in any one individual . Such a construction of the provisions also , therefore , matches the constitutional scheme and the constitutional purpose for which these provisions were enacted . XX XX XX 450 . It is obvious , that the provision for consultation with the Chief Justice of India and , in the case of the High Courts , with the Chief Justice of the High Court , was introduced because of the realisation that the Chief Justice is best equipped to know and assess the worth of the candidate , and his suitability for appointment as a superior Judge ; and it was also necessary to eliminate political influence even at the stage of the initial appointment of a Judge , since the provisions for securing his independence after appointment were alone not sufficient for an independent judiciary . At the same time , the phraseology used indicated that giving absolute discretion or the power of veto to the Chief Justice of India as an individual in the matter of appointments was not considered desirable , so that there should remain some power with the executive to be exercised as a check , whenever necessary . The indication is , that in the choice of a candidate suitable for appointment , the opinion of the Chief Justice of India should have the greatest weight ; the selection should be made as a result of a participatory consultative process in which the executive should have power to act as a mere check on the exercise of power by the Chief Justice of India , to achieve the constitutional purpose . Thus , the executive element in the appointment process is reduced to the minimum and any political influence is eliminated . It was for this reason that the word ‘ consultation ’ instead of ‘ concurrence ’ was used , but that was done merely to indicate that absolute discretion was not given to anyone , not even to the Chief Justice of India as an individual , Writ Petition ( C ) No . of 2018 Page 10 of 41 ( arising out of Diary No . 12405 of 2018 )