“ 7 . The aforesaid position though stated as regards the High Court , we are absolutely certain that the said principle is applicable to the Supreme Court . We are disposed to think so . Unless such a position is clearly stated , there will be utter confusion . Be it noted , this has been also the convention of this Court , and the convention has been so because of the law . We have to make it clear without any kind of hesitation that the convention is followed because of the principles of law and because of judicial discipline and decorum . Once the Chief Justice is stated to be the Master of the Roster , he alone has the prerogative to constitute Benches . Needless to say , neither a two - Judge Bench nor a three - Judge Bench can allocate the matter to themselves or direct the composition for constitution of a Bench . To elaborate , there can not be any direction to the Chief Justice of India as to who shall be sitting on the Bench or who shall take up the matter as that touches the composition of the Bench . We reiterate such an order can not be passed . It is not countenanced in law and not permissible . 8 . An institution has to function within certain parameters and that is why there are precedents , rules and conventions . As far as the composition of Benches is concerned , we accept the principles stated in Prakash Chand [ State of Rajasthan v. Prakash Chand , ( 1998 ) 1 SCC 1 ] , which were stated in the context of the High Court , and clearly state that the same shall squarely apply to the Supreme Court and there can not be any kind of command or order directing the Chief Justice of India to constitute a particular Bench . ” 15 . There is a reiteration of this very legal position by another three Judge Bench judgment of this Court in Asok Pande v. Supreme Court of India through its Registrar and Ors . ’ WHETHER THE EXPRESSION ‘ CHIEF JUSTICE ’ IN THE SUPREME COURT RULES IS TO BE READ AS ‘ COLLEGIUM ’ OF FIRST FIVE JUDGES ? 7 Writ Petition ( Civil ) No . 147 of 2018 decided on April 11 , 2018 Writ Petition ( C ) No . of 2018 Page 19 of 41 ( arising out of Diary No . 12405 of 2018 )