a repository of constitutional trust , the Chief Justice is an institution in himself . The authority which is conferred upon the Chief Justice , it must be remembered , is vested in a high constitutional functionary . The authority is entrusted to the Chief Justice because such an entrustment of functions is necessary for the efficient transaction of the administrative and judicial work of the Court . The ultimate purpose behind the entrustment of authority to the Chief Justice is to ensure that the Supreme Court is able to fulfil and discharge the constitutional obligations which govern and provide the rationale for its existence . The entrustment of functions to the Chief Justice as the head of the institution , is with the purpose of securing the position of the Supreme Court as an independent safeguard for the preservation of personal liberty . There can not be a presumption of mistrust . The oath of office demands nothing less . ” 30 . In this entire scheme , it needs to be highlighted that the judiciary is assigned a pivotal role under the Constitution . In a Constitution Bench judgment rendered only a day before ’ in the case of Government of NCT of Delhi v. Union of India & Another , the role of the Court as final arbiter of the Constitution and upholder of the rule of law is captured in the following words : “ 4 . This Court , being the final arbiter of the Constitution , in such a situation , has to enter into the process of interpretation with the new tools such as constitutional pragmatism having due regard for sanctity of objectivity , realization of the purpose in the truest sense by constantly reminding one and all about the sacrosanctity of democratic structure as envisaged by our Constitution , elevation of the precepts of constitutional trust and morality , and the solemn idea of decentralization of power and , we must say , the ideas knock at the door to be invited . The compulsive invitation is the warrant to sustain the values of democracy in the prescribed framework of law . The aim is to see that in the ultimate eventuate , the rule of law 10 Judgment dated July 4 , 2018 in Civil Appeal No . 2357 of 2017 titled Government of NCT of Delhi v. Union of India & Another with other connected appeals . Writ Petition ( C ) No . of 2018 Page 33 of 41 ( arising out of Diary No . 12405 of 2018 )