use in public interest and to uphold the majesty of rule of law , would to a large extent ensure self restraint in discharge of all judicial functions and preserve the independence of judiciary . It needs no emphasis to say that all actions of a Judge must be judicious in character . Erosion of credibility of the judiciary , in the public mind , for whatever reasons , is greatest threat to the independence of the judiciary . Eternal vigilance by the Judges to guard against any such latent internal danger is , therefore , necessary , lest we " suffer from self - inflicted mortal wounds " . We must remember that the Constitution does not give unlimited powers to any one including the Judge of all levels . The societal perception of Judges as being detached and impartial referees is the greatest strength of the judiciary and every member of the judiciary must ensure that this perception does not receive a set back consciously or unconsciously . Authenticity of the judicial process rests on public confidence and public confidence rests on legitimacy of judicial process . Sources of legitimacy are in the impersonal application by the Judge of recognised objective principles which owe their existence to a system as distinguished from subjective moods , predilections , emotions and prejudices . ” 34 . We may also quote the following passage from S.P. Gupta ( per Pathak , J. ) : “ While the administration of justice draws its legal sanction from the Constitution , its credibility rests in the faith of the people . Indispensable to that faith is the independence of the judiciary . An Independent and impartial judiciary supplies the reason for the judicial institution , it also gives character and content to the constitutional milieu . ” 35 . In the same decision , J.S. Verma , J. echoed the aforesaid sentiments with the following message : “ The role of the Judiciary under the Constitution is a pious trust reposed by the people . The Constitution and the democratic - polity thereunder shall not survive , the day Judiciary fails to justify the said trust . If the Judiciary fails , Writ Petition ( C ) No . of 2018 Page 36 of 41 ( arising out of Diary No . 12405 of 2018 )