views of some of his colleagues ; and the executive being permitted to prevent an appointment considered to be unsuitable , for strong reasons disclosed to the Chief Justice of India , provide the best method , in the constitutional scheme , to achieve the constitutional purpose without conferring absolute discretion or veto upon either the judiciary or the executive , much less in any individual , be he the Chief Justice of India or the Prime Minister . XX XX XX 480 . The primacy of the judiciary in the matter of appointments and its determinative nature in transfers introduces the judicial element in the process , and is itself a sufficient justification for the absence of the need for further judicial review of those decisions , which is ordinarily needed as a check against possible executive excess or arbitrariness . Plurality of judges in the formation of the opinion of the Chief Justice of India , as indicated , is another inbuilt check against the likelihood of arbitrariness or bias , even subconsciously , of any individual . The judicial element being predominant in the case of appointments , and decisive in transfers , as indicated , the need for further judicial review , as in other executive actions , is eliminated . The reduction of the area of discretion to the minimum , the element of plurality of judges in formation of the opinion of the Chief Justice of India , effective consultation in writing , and prevailing norms to regulate the area of discretion are sufficient checks against arbitrariness . ” re Mr. Dave also referred to the following observations of Justice J.S. Verma ( as His Lordship then was ) in that very judgment : “ 478 . This opinion has to be formed in a pragmatic manner and past practice based on convention is a safe guide . In matters relating to appointments in the Supreme Court , the opinion given by the Chief Justice of India in the consultative process has to be formed taking into account the views of the two seniormost Judges of the Supreme Court . The Chief Justice of India is also expected to ascertain the views of the senior - most Judge of the Supreme Court whose opinion is likely to be significant in adjudging the suitability of the candidate , by reason of the Writ Petition ( C ) No . of 2018 Page 12 of 41 ( arising out of Diary No . 12405 of 2018 )