otherwise would be to cast a reflection on the competence and ability of other judges to deal with all cases assigned by the Chief Justice notwithstanding the fact that they have fulfilled the qualifications mandated by the Constitution for appointment to the office . ” ( emphasis added ) 19 . On the aforesaid analogy , the Court also rejected the prayer of the said petitioner in regard to the constitution of Benches in the High Courts as well . Some of the discussion in this behalf , which may be relevant for our purposes as well , is reproduced below : “ 14 ... The High Courts periodically publish a roster of work under the authority of the Chief Justice . The roster indicates the constitution of Benches , Division and Single . The roster will indicate the subject matter of the cases assigned to each bench . Different High Courts have their own traditions in regard to the period for which the published roster will continue , until a fresh roster is notified . Individual judges have their own strengths in terms of specialisation . The Chief Justice of the High Court has to bear in mind the area of specialisation of each judge , while deciding upon the allocation of work . However , specialisation is one of several aspects which weigh with the Chief Justice . A newly appointed judge may be rotated in a variety of assignments to enable the judge to acquire expertise in diverse branches of law . Together with the need for specialisation , there is a need for judges to have a broad - based understanding of diverse areas of law . In deciding upon the allocation of work and the constitution of benches , Chief Justices have to determine the number of benches which need to be assigned to a particular subject matter keeping in view the inflow of work and arrears . The Chief Justice of the High Court will have regard to factors such as the pendency of cases in a given area , the need to dispose of the oldest cases , prioritising criminal cases where the liberty of the subject is involved and the overall strength , in terms of numbers , of the court . Different High Courts have assigned priorities to certain categories of cases such as those involving senior citizens , convicts who are in jail and women litigants . These priorities are considered while preparing the roster . Impending Writ Petition ( C ) No . of 2018 Page 24 of 41 ( arising out of Diary No . 12405 of 2018 )