much less to the executive , which earlier had absolute discretion under the Government of India Acts . XX XX XX 466 . It has to be borne in mind that the principle of non - arbitrariness which is an essential attribute of the rule of law is all pervasive throughout the Constitution ; and an adjunct of this principle is the absence of absolute power in one individual in any sphere of constitutional activity . The possibility of intrusion of arbitrariness has to be kept in view , and eschewed , in constitutional interpretation and , therefore , the meaning of the opinion of the Chief Justice of India , in the context of primacy , must be ascertained . A homogenous mixture , which accords with the constitutional purpose and its ethos , indicates that it is the opinion of the judiciary ‘ symbolised by the view of the Chief Justice of India ’ which is given greater significance or primacy in the matter of appointments . In other words , the view of the Chief Justice of India is to be expressed in the consultative process as truly reflective of the opinion of the judiciary , which means that it must necessarily have the element of plurality in its formation . In actual practice , this is how the Chief Justice of India does , and is expected to function so that the final opinion expressed by him is not merely his individual opinion , but the collective opinion formed after taking into account the views of some other Judges who are traditionally associated with this function . XX XX XX 468 . The rule of law envisages the area of discretion to be the minimum , requiring only the application of known principles or guidelines to ensure non - arbitrariness , but to that limited extent , discretion is a pragmatic need . Conferring discretion upon high functionaries and , whenever feasible , introducing the element of plurality by requiring a collective decision , are further checks against arbitrariness . This is how idealism and pragmatism are reconciled and integrated , to make the system workable in a _ satisfactory manner . Entrustment of the task of appointment of superior judges to high constitutional functionaries ; the greatest significance attached to the view of the Chief Justice of India , who is best equipped to assess the true worth of the candidates for adjudging their suitability ; the opinion of the Chief Justice of India being the collective opinion formed after taking into account the Writ Petition ( C ) No . of 2018 Page 11 of 41 ( arising out of Diary No . 12405 of 2018 )