13 of a Passport , there was no likelihood of her being taken to Syria . The question that crops up now is whether the marriage that has been allegedly performed is not a device to transport her out of this country . We are not aware of the identity of the person who is alleged to have got married to the detenue . We are not aware of the antecedents of the said person or his family background . The address mentioned in the marriage certificate produced shows that he is from Kollam . In what manner he has come into contact with detenue and under what circumstances , the detenue has agreed to get married to a stranger like him are matters that require to be probed thoroughly . The marriage certificate shows that the marriage was performed by the Khazi at the house of the 7th respondent , Srambikal House , Puthur . Why the marriage was conducted at her house is not clear . Unless the above questions are answered , it can not be accepted that the detenue is in safe hands . This Court exercising Parens Patriae jurisdiction has a duty to ensure that young girls like the detenue are not exploited or transported out of the country . Though the learned Senior Counsel has vociferously contended that the detenue is a person who has attained majority , it is necessary to bear in mind the fact that the detenue who is a female in her twenties is at a vulnerable age . As per Indian tradition , the custody of an unmarried daughter is with the parents , until she is properly married . We consider it the duty of this Court to ensure that a person under such a vulnerable state is not exposed to further danger , especially in the circumstances noticed above where even her marriage is stated to have been performed with another person , in accordance with Islamic religious rites . That too , with the connivance of the 7th respondent with whom she was permitted to reside , by this Court . 8 . We place on record our absolute dissatisfaction at the manner in which the marriage if at all one has been performed , has been conducted . The 7 ”