“ 10 . Now , the only question that remains to be decided in the present case is whether against the order of partial award an appeal is maintainable directly under Section 37 of the Act or not . We have considered the submissions of learned counsel for the appellant and after going through the counterclaim and the partial award , we are of the opinion that no question of jurisdiction arises in the matter so as to enable the appellant to file a direct appeal under Section 37 of the Act before the High Court . As already mentioned above , an appeal under sub - section ( 2 ) of Section 37 only lies if there is an order passed under Sections 16(2 ) and ( 3 ) of the Act . Sections 16(2 ) and ( 3 ) deal with the exercise of jurisdiction . The plea of jurisdiction was not taken by the appellant . It was taken by the respondent in order to meet their counterclaim . But it was not in the context of the fact that the Tribunal had no jurisdiction , it was in the context that this question of counterclaim was no more open to be decided for the simple reason that all the issues which had been raised in Counterclaims 1 to 10 had already been settled in the minutes of meeting dated 6 - 4 - 2000/7 - 4 - 2000 and it was recorded that no other issues were to be resolved in first and third contracts . Therefore , we fail to understand how the question of jurisdiction was involved in the matter . In fact it was in the context of the fact that the entire counterclaims have already been satisfied and settled in the meeting that it was concluded that no further issues remained to be settled . In this context , the counterclaims filed by the appellant were opposed . If any grievance was there , that should have been ( sic raised ) by the respondent and not by the appellant . It is only the finding of fact recorded by the Tribunal after considering the counterclaim vis - a - vis the minutes of meeting dated 6 - 4 - 2000/7 - 4 - 2000 . Therefore , there was no question of jurisdiction involved in the matter so as 23