Act , we find that the said provision is one , which deals with the competence of the Arbitral Tribunal to rule on its own jurisdiction . SBP & Co. v. Patel Engg . Ltd. [ ( 2005 ) 8 SCC 618 ] in a sense confined the operation of Section 16 to cases where the Arbitral Tribunal was constituted at the instance of the parties to the contract without reference to the Chief Justice under Section 11(6 ) of the Act . In a case where the parties had thus constituted the Arbitral Tribunal without recourse to Section 11(6 ) of the Act , they still have the right to question the jurisdiction of the Arbitral Tribunal including the right to invite a ruling on any objection with respect to the existence or validity of the arbitration agreement . It could therefore rule that there existed no arbitration agreement , that the arbitration agreement was not valid , or that the arbitration agreement did not confer jurisdiction on the Tribunal to adjudicate upon the particular claim that is put forward before it . Under sub - section ( 5 ) , it has the obligation to decide the plea and where it rejects the plea , it could continue with the arbitral proceedings and make the award . Under sub - section ( 6 ) , a party aggrieved by such an arbitral award may make an application for setting aside such arbitral award in accordance with Section 34 . In other words , in the challenge to the award , the party aggrieved could raise the contention that the Tribunal had no jurisdiction to pass it or that it had exceeded its authority , in passing it . This happens when the Tribunal proceeds to pass an award . It is in the context of the various sub - sections of Section 16 that one has to understand the content of the expression “ jurisdiction ” and the scope of the appeal provision . In a case where the Arbitral Tribunal proceeds to pass an award after overruling the objection relating to jurisdiction , it is clear from sub - section ( 6 ) of Section 16 that the parties have to resort to Section 34 of the Act to get rid of that award , if possible . But , if the Tribunal declines jurisdiction or declines to 25