“ 8 . The main contention of the respondent is compromise made before the trial court with free will and now the respondent is tried to drag on the matter and preventing the respondent from enjoying the fruit source of the compromise decree . On the side of respondent Ex . R1 and R4 marked . Ex . R1 compromise memo ; R2 document for already received the certified copy of fair and final order ; R3 letter from the respondent to the petitioner ; R4 postal acknowledgement . On perusal of respondent side documents to disprove the facts of Ex . P-10 and Ex . P-11 no documents have been filed . The landlord - tenant relationship is admitted . The allegations made by the respondent against the petitioners is lease deed dated 22.02.2012 is forged one and complaint has been given to the police regarding the forged documents and the petitioners themselves come to the agreement they are undertake to vacate the petition mentioned property , there is no police threat or complaint or coercion by the police or by the respondent . In order to consider the documents filed by the petitioners Ex . P-10 is the police complaint , prepared by the respondent Magudeswari against the 2 " petitioner / appellant . In the complaint the allegations made against the 2 " petitioner is that there is life threat to the respondents and the lease deed has been created by the 2 ™ petitioner by forging the signature of the respondent and requesting the police to take proper legal action against the 2 ™ petitioner . Once the written complaint filed before the police mentioning the name of the accused , if the police finds it is true for that police have to register FIR against the accused and proceed with the investigation as per law . But on perusing of Exh . P-11 compromise letter dated 29.01.2014 between the respondent and the 2 " petitioner addressing to the inspector of police , City Crime Branch . In continuation the RCOP has been filed and memo of compromise filed , compromise decree has been passed . As stated above the duty of the police is only to register the case against the accused and proceed against the accused for the offence committed for the crime , they are not entitled to make any compromise against the crime unless and until it is provided by law and further before when compromise arrived at court , the previous compromise has been arrived at police station . From Ex . P-11 itself there