18 . In Rasiklal Chunilal case , a Division Bench of the Gujarat High Court has taken the view that in spite of the fact that there is no express provision in the Bombay Rent Act prohibiting contracting out , such a prohibition would have to be read by implication consistently with the public policy underlying this welfare measure . If we may say so with respect , this is a correct approach to the problem . 19 . Construing the provisions of Sections 12 , 13 and 28 of the Bombay Rent Act in the light of the public policy which permeates the entire scheme and structure of the Act , there is no escape from the conclusion that the Rent Court under this Act is not competent to pass a decree for possession either in invitum or with the consent of the parties on a ground which is de hors the Act or ultra vires the Act . The existence of one of the statutory grounds mentioned in Sections 12 and 13 is a sine qua non to the exercise of jurisdiction by the Rent Court under these provisions . Even parties can not by their consent confer such jurisdiction on the Rent Court to do something which , according to the legislative mandate , it could not do . 22 . The mere fact that Order 23 Rule 3 , of the Code of Civil Procedure is applicable to the proceedings in a suit under the Bombay Rent Act , does not remove that fetter on the Rent Court or empower it to make a decree for eviction de hors the statute . Even under that provision of the Code , the Court , before ordering that the compromise be recorded , is required to satisfy itself about the lawfulness of the agreement . Such lawfulness or otherwise of the agreement is to be judged , also on the ground whether the terms of the compromise are consistent with the provisions of the Rent Act . 27 . From a conspectus of the cases cited at the bar , the principle that emerges is , that if at the time of the passing of the decree , there was some material before the Court , on the basis of which , the Court could be prima facie satisfied , about the 15