“ 5 . Parliament enacted Section 11A with a view to prevent inordinate delay being made by the Land Acquisition Officer in making the award . The price to be paid for the land acquired under compulsory acquisition is the prevailing price as on the date of publication of Section 4(1 ) notification . The delay in making the award deprives the owner of the enjoyment of his property or to deal with the land whose possession has already been taken , and delay in making the award would subject the owner of the land to untold hardship . With a view to relieve hardship to the owner or person interested in the land and to remedy the lapses on the part of the Land Acquisition Officer in making the award , Section 11A was enacted which enjoins making of award expeditiously . So , the outer limit of two years from the last of the dates of publications , envisaged in Section 6 of the Act was fixed . If he fails to do so , all the acquisition proceedings under the Act would stand lapsed and the owner of the land or person interested in the land is made free to deal with the land as an unencumbered land . Cognizant to the fact that the acquisition proceedings are questioned in a court of law , the Parliament enacted Explanation to Section 11-A declaring that the period during which action or proceedings were taken in pursuance of the declaration under Section 6 is stayed by an order of the court , the same " shall be excluded " . 14 . Learned counsel has also relied upon Yusufbhai Noormohmed Nendoliya v. State of Gujarat & Anr . ( 1991 ) 4 SCC 531 in which this Court has opined that the Explanation to section 11A is in the widest possible terms and there is no warrant for limiting the action or proceedings referred to in the Explanation to actions or proceedings preceding the making of the award under section 11 . Therefore , the period of an injunction obtained by the landholder from the High Court restraining the land acquisition authorities from taking possession of the land has to be excluded in computing the period of two years . The decision is of no help to the submission espoused on 12