behalf of the appellant . This Court in Yusufbhai Noormohmed Nendoliya ( supra ) observed : " 7 . The said Explanation is in the widest possible terms and , in our opinion , there is no warrant for limiting the action or proceeding referred to in the Explanation to actions or proceedings preceding the making of the award under Section 11 of the said Act . In the first place , as held by the learned Single Judge himself where the case is covered by Section 17 , the possession can be taken before an award is made and we see no reason why the aforesaid expression in the Explanation should be given a different meaning depending upon whether the case is covered by Section 17 or otherwise . On the other hand , it appears to us that Section 11-A is intended to limit the benefit conferred on a landholder whose land is acquired after the declaration under Section 6 is made to in cases covered by the Explanation . The benefit is that the award must be made within a period of two years of the declaration , failing which the acquisition proceedings would lapse and the land would revert to the land - holder . In order to get the benefit of the said provision what is required , is that the land - holder who seeks the benefit must not have obtained any order from a court restraining any action or proceeding in pursuance of the declaration under Section 6 of the said Act so that the Explanation covers only the cases of those land - holders who do not obtain any order from a court which would delay or prevent the making of the award or taking possession of the land acquired . In our opinion , the Gujarat High Court was right in taking a similar view in the impugned judgment . " 15 . Reliance has also been placed on Sangappa Gurulingappa Sajjan v. State of Karnataka & Ors . ( 1994 ) 4 SCC 145 , in which this Court has laid down that in case there was a stay of dispossession , no useful purpose would be served by issuing a declaration under section 6 . Therefore , the period during which the order of dispossession granted by the High Court operated , should be excluded in the computing period . In Sangappa Gurulingappa Sajjan ( supra ) this Court observed : 13