" 2 . The petitioner contends that the declaration under Section 6 was not published within three years from the date of the Notification dated May 17 , 1984 , and , therefore , the Notification under Section 4(1 ) shall stand lapsed . We find no substance in the contention . Firstly the case would be dismissed on a short ground that though this plea was available to the petitioner , he did not raise the same in the first instance and that , therefore , by operation of Section 11 C.P.C. it operates as constructive res judicata . Under first proviso to Section 6(1 ) , as amended in the Land Acquisition ( Amendment ) Act 68 of 1984 through Section 6 thereof that ( i ) no declaration in respect of any particular land covered by a notification under Section 4 , Sub - section ( 1 ) shall be published after the commencement of the Land Acquisition ( Amendment and Validation ) Ordinance . 1967 . but before the commencement of the Land Acquisition ( Amendment ) Act , 1984 , after the expiry of three years from the date of the publication of the notification or ( ii ) after the commencement of the Land Acquisition ( Amendment ) Act , 1984 shall be made after the expiry of one year from the date of the publication of the notification . In other words , under the preAmendment Act the declaration under Section 6(1 ) shall not be published after the expiry of three years from the date of Section 4(1 ) publication and after the commencement of the Amendment Act , the State has no power to proceed with the mater and publish the declaration under Section 6(1 ) after the expiry of one year from the date of the publication of the notification . Explanation 1 thereto provides the method or mode of computation of the period referred to in the first proviso , namely , the period during which " any action or proceeding " be taken in pursuance of the notification issued under Sub - section ( 1 ) of Section 4 being " stayed by an order of a Court shall be excluded " , In other words , the period occupied by the order of stay made by a Court shall be excluded . Admittedly , pending writ petition on both the occasions the High Court granted " stay of dispossession " . Admittedly , the validity of tenability of the notification issued and published under Section 4(1 ) is subject of adjudication before the High Court . Till the writ petitions are disposed of or the appeals following its heels , the stay of dispossession was in operation . Though there is no specific direction prohibiting the publication of the declaration under Section 6 , no useful purpose would be served by publishing Section 6(1 ) declaration pending adjudication of the legality of Section 4(1 ) notification . If any action is taken to pre - empt the 14