prohibited them as extracted hereinbefore , from publication of the declaration , necessarily , when the Court has not restricted the declaration in the impugned orders in support of the petitioners therein , the officers had to hold back their hands till the matters are disposed of . In fact , this Court has given extended meaning to the orders of stay or proceeding in various cases , namely , Yusufbhai Noormohmed Nendoliya v. State of Gujarat and Anr . AIR 1991 SC 2153 ; Hansraj Jain v. State of Maharashtra and Ors . JT ( 1993 ) 4 SC 360 ; Sangappa Gurulingappa Sajjan v. State of Kamataka and Ors . ( 1994 ) 4 SCC 145 ; Gandhi Grah Nirman Sahkari Samiti Ltd. Etc . Etc . v. State of Rajasthan and Ors . JT ( 1993 ) 3 SC 194 ; G. Narayanaswamy Reddy ( dead ) by Lrs . and Anr . v. Govt . of Karnataka and Anr . JT ( 1991 ) 3 SC 12 and Roshanara Begum Etc . v. U.O.I. and Ors . ( 1986 ) 1 Apex Dec 6 . The words " stay of the action or proceeding " have been widely interpreted by this Court and mean that any type of the orders passed by this Court would be an inhibitive action on the part of the authorities to proceed further . When the action of conducting an enquiry under Section 5-A was put in issue and the declaration under Section 6 was questioned , necessarily unless the Court holds that enquiry under Section 5-A was properly conducted and the declaration published under Section 6 to be valid , it would not be open to the officers to proceed further into the matter . As a consequence , the stay granted in respect of some would be applicable to others also who had not obtained stay in that behalf . We are not concerned with the correctness of the earlier direction with regard to Section 5-A enquiry and consideration of objections as it was not challenged by the respondent union . We express no opinion on its correctness , though it is open to doubt . ” 12 . In Om Parkash v. Union of India & Ors . ( 2010 ) 4 SCC 17 , this Court as to the effect of interim stay has observed thus : “ 72 . Thus , in other words , the interim order of stay granted in one of the matters of the landowners would put complete restraint on the respondents to have proceeded further to issue notification under Section 6 of the Act . Had they issued the said notification during the period when the stay was operative , then obviously they may have been hauled up for committing contempt of court . The language employed in the interim orders of stay is also such that it had completely restrained the respondents from proceeding further in the 10