treated as a disqualification because that will frustrate the purpose of the Legal Services Authorities Act , 1987 . We see no merit in this submission . Compromises or settlements have to be encouraged to bring about peaceful and amiable atmosphere in the society by according a quietus to disputes . They have to be encouraged also to reduce arrears of cases and save the litigants from the agony of pending litigation . But these considerations can not be brought in here . In order to maintain integrity and high standard of police force , the Screening Committee may decline to take cognizance of a compromise , if it appears to it to be dubious . The Screening Committee can not be faulted for that . 35 . The police force is a disciplined force . It shoulders the great responsibility of maintaining law and order and public order in the society . People repose great faith and confidence in it . It must be worthy of that confidence . A candidate wishing to join the police force must be a person of utmost rectitude . He must have impeccable character and integrity . A person having criminal antecedents will not fit in this category . Even if he is acquitted or discharged in the criminal case , that acquittal or discharge order will have to be examined to see whether he has been completely exonerated in the case because even a possibility of his taking to the life of crimes poses a threat to the discipline of the police force . The Standing Order , therefore , has entrusted the task of taking decisions in these matters to the Screening Committee . The decision of the Screening Committee must be taken as final unless it is mala fide . In recent times , the image of the police force is tarnished . Instances of police personnel behaving in a wayward manner by misusing power are in public domain and are a matter of concern . The reputation of the police force has taken a beating . In such a situation , we would not like to dilute the importance and efficacy of a mechanism like the Screening Committee created by the Delhi Police to ensure that persons who are likely to erode its credibility do not enter the police force . At the same time , the Screening Committee must be alive to the importance of the trust reposed in it and must treat all candidates with an even hand . " Page No . 11 of 15