55 appeal finally by recording reasons . Such order can truly be said to be a judgment to which Article 141 of the Constitution applies . Likewise , the doctrine of merger also gets attracted . All orders passed by the courts / authorities below , therefore , merge in the judgment of this Court and after such judgment , it is not open to any party to the judgment to approach any court or authority to review , recall or reconsider the order . 39 . The above principle , however , is subject to exception of fraud . Once it is established that the order was obtained by a successful party by practising or playing fraud , it is vitiated . Such order can not be held legal , valid or in consonance with law . It is non - existent and nonest and can not be allowed to stand . This is the fundamental principle of law and needs no further elaboration . Therefore , it has been said that a judgment , decree or order obtained by fraud has to be treated as nullity , whether by the court of first instance or by the final court . And it has to be treated as nonest by every Court , superior or inferior . Supervisory jurisdiction of the court can be exercised in case of error apparent on the face of the record , abuse of process and if the issue goes to the root of the matter . 72 . In S.P. Chengalvaraya Naidu v. Jagannath , ( 1994 ) 1 SCC 1 , this Court noted that the issue of fraud goes to the root of the matter and it exercised powers under Article 136 to cure the defect . The Court observed : “ 5 , The High Court , in our view , fell into patent error . The short question before the High Court was whether , in the facts and circumstances of this case , Jagannath obtained the preliminary decree by playing fraud on the court . The High Court , however , went haywire and made observations which are wholly perverse . We do not agree with the High Court that " there is no legal duty cast upon the plaintiff to come to court with a true case and prove it by true evidence " . The principle of " finality of litigation " can not be pressed to the extent of such an absurdity that it becomes an engine of fraud in the hands of dishonest litigants . The courts of law are meant for imparting justice between the parties . One who comes to the court must come with clean hands . We are constrained to say that more often than not , the process of the court is being abused . Property - grabbers , taxevaders , bank - loan - dodgers and other unscrupulous persons from all walks of life find the court - process a convenient lever to retain the illegal - gains indefinitely . We have no hesitation to say