45 has been declared surplus in the ceiling matter and further proceedings were pending after remand of the case in which additional land was declared surplus which was allotted illegally to minor son Rajeshwar Singh . The position further worsened in 1993 . 62 . In Sharda Devi v. State of Bihar , ( 2003 ) 3 SCC 128 , the question arose whether Reference under Section 30 of Land Acquisition Act , 1894 was maintainable at the instance of the State of Bihar as it was the owner of the land and the land vested in the State . It was held that the State is not a person interested as defined under Section 3(b ) of the Land Acquisition Act , 1894 . This Court observed : “ 26 . The scheme of the Act reveals that the remedy of reference under Section 18 is intended to be available only to a ‘ person interested ’ . A person present either personally or through representative or on whom a notice is served under Section 12(2 ) is obliged , subject to his specifying the test as to locus , to apply to the Collector within the time prescribed under Section 18(2 ) to make a reference to the Court . The basis of title on which the reference would be sought for under Section 18 would obviously be a pre - existing title by reference to the date of the award . So is Section 29 , which speaks of ‘ person interested ’ . Finality to the award spoken of by Section 12(1 ) of the Act is between the Collector on one hand and the ‘ person interested ’ on the other hand and attaches to the issues relating to ( i ) the true area i.e. measurement of the land , ( ii ) the value of the land , i.e. the quantum of compensation , and ( iii ) apportionment of the compensation among the ' persons interested ' . The ‘ persons interested ’ would be bound by the award without regard to the fact whether they have respectively appeared before the Collector or not . The finality to the award spoken of by Section 29 is as between the ' persons interested ’ interse and is confined to the issue as to the correctness of the apportionment . Section 30 is not confined in its operation only to ‘ persons interested ’ . It would , therefore , be available for being invoked by the ‘ persons interested ’ if they were neither present nor represented in proceedings before the Collector , nor were served with a notice under Section 12(2 ) of the Act or when they claim on the basis of