than those held or occupied for purposes of cultivation and grovelands are treated as being part of the “ Scheduled Undertaking ” which would upon acquisition vest in the appellant Corporation , provided such lands and buildings are “ held or occupied for purposes of the sugar factory ” . What is important is that buildings pertaining to any of the property and assets specified in Sections 2 ( h ) ( i ) to ( xi / ) including guest houses and residences of Directors , managerial personnel , staff and workmen or of any other person as lessee or licensee including any store houses , molasses , tank , roads , bridges , drains , culverts , tubewells , water storage or distribution system and other civil engineering works including leasehold interest therein are also treated as part of the Scheduled Undertaking . The test , therefore , is whether the asset or any interest therein is held or occupied “ for purpose of a sugar factory ” . If the answer is in the affirmative , the same is treated to be a part of the Scheduled Undertaking that would vest in the appellant Corporation upon acquisition . ” 11 . A statute is best interpreted when we know why it is enacted . If a statute is looked at , in the context of its enactment , with the glasses of the statute maker , provided by such context , its scheme , the sections , clauses , phrases and words may take colour and appear different than when the statute is looked at without the glasses provided by the context . ( Reserve Bank of India v. Peerless General Finance and Investment Co. Ltd . And Others ( 1987 ) 1 SCC 424 para 33 ) . Reasons for the enactment of the 1971 Act are set out in the statement of objects and reasons . The serious problems created for the cane growers and labourers due to mismanagement of certain sugar mills led to a situation where the only solution was to acquire the said sugar mills with a view to renovate and rehabilitate the mills . The interpretation of the provisions of the 1971 Act should be made by keeping in mind the above background . The contention of the