“ Despite earnest efforts made by this Court ever since the acceptance of the bid of M/s Writers and Publishers Ltd. , and despite a series of hearings in the matter ever since 2009 , it came to be realised , that it would not be possible to give effect to the terms of revival . It is in the above view of the matter , that this Court sought suggestions from the rival parties , how the arrangement could be terminated . It is in the above background , 4 that the following motion bench order came to be passed on 23.02.2016 : “ The bidder has suggested two alternative courses of action in a written note handed over to us in Court today . The above note is taken on record and marked as AnnexureA . Mr. P.S. Narsimha , learned Additional Solicitor General representing the Union of India seeks a short adjournment so as to enable him to obtain instructions in the matter . All other parties may likewise obtain instructions in the matter before the next date of hearing . Post for hearing on 01.03.2016 . ” On the issue , as to how and under what terms and conditions M/s Writers and Publishers Ltd. , could be released from the arrangement , the parties ( consequent upon mutual negotiations ) , submitted a joint statement of the Government of India and the bidder — M/s Writers and Publishers Ltd. , dated 03.03.2016 . It seems that on re-consideration , there was a change of heart , at the hands of Government of India , which then submitted a revised joint statement dated 05.03.2016 . Learned counsel for the rival parties have assisted this Court , on the manner in which M/s Writers and Publishers Ltd. , should be released from the obligation of the instant arrangement . Having heard learned counsel , we are satisfied in recording , that M/s Writers and Publishers Ltd. should be refunded the entire investment made by them , along with interest at the rate of 6 % per annum ( though it was suggested , that the rate of interest could be at 9 % per annum ) , subject to deduction of profits made during the period when the arrangement subsisted . ” 5 The above order of this Court dated 29 March 2016 envisages that WPL would be refunded its “ entire investment ” together with interest at 6 per cent per annum . However , the amount invested was to be subject to a deduction of the