63 must be without the consent in writing of the landlord at the time when the tenant sublets any portion to the sub - tenant . A sub - letting by the tenant with the consent in writing of the landlord does not become unlawful on the expiry of the contractual tenancy of the tenant , unless there is any fresh sub - letting by the tenant without the written consent of the landlord . Mere continuance in possession of a sub - tenant lawfully inducted does not amount to any fresh or further subletting . We are , therefore , satisfied that in the instant case the tenant has not sublet any portion without the written consent of the landlady after the commencement of the Act .... Mere continuance of possession by the subtenants lawfully inducted by the tenant with the written consent of the landlady contained in rent note does not afford any ground to the landlady for eviction of the tenant on the ground of sub - letting , as the tenant has not sublet after the commencement of the Act any portion without the consent in writing of the landlady . ” ( emphasis supplied ) Of all the decisions cited at the bar , this decision is , admittedly , nearest on facts to the present case with the only difference that the sub - letting in the present case was after expiry of the contractual tenancy and after the commencement of the Act prohibiting sub - letting without the written consent of the landlord when it was made on April 1 , 1948 , while the sub - letting in Mahabir Prasad case was during the period of contractual tenancy when the express written consent of the landlord for sub - letting was available . The principle for application , however , is the same with the only difference in the result since in Mahabir Prasad case the sub - letting was made during subsistence of the contractual tenancy with the written consent of the landlord . It is significant that the judgment in Mahabir Prasad case_was by A.N. Sen , J. who also wrote the opinion in Gian Devi case relied on by Dr Chitale as one of the decisions in line with Damadilal case . It is clear that A.N.