18 and 43 of the judgment under review , which rejects the claim of NTC in the following words : “ 42 . It is not permissible for the appellant to canvass that the Central Government has any concern so far as the tenancy rights are concerned . Right vested in the Central Government stood transferred and vested in the appellant . Both are separate legal entities and are not synonymous . The appellant being neither the Government nor the government department can not agitate that as it has been substituted in place of the Central Government , and acts merely as an agent of the Central Government , thus protection of the 1999 Act is available to it . The appellant can not be permitted to say that though all the rights vested in it but it merely remained the agent of the Central Government . Acceptance of such a submission would require interpreting the expression “ vesting ” as holding on behalf of some other person . Such a meaning can not be given to the expression “ vesting ” . 43 . It is a settled legal proposition that an agent can not be sued where the principal is known . In the instant case , the appellant has not taken the plea before either of the courts below . In view of the provisions of Order 8 Rule 2 CPC , the appellant was under an obligation to take a specific plea to show that the suit was not maintainable which it failed to do so . The vague plea to the extent that the suit was bad for non - joinder and , thus , was not maintainable , did not meet the requirement of law . The appellant ought to have taken a plea in the written statement that it was merely an “ agent ” of the Central Government , thus the suit against it was not maintainable . More so , whether A is an agent of B is a question of fact and has to be properly pleaded and proved by adducing evidence . The appellant miserably failed to take the required pleadings for the purpose . ” 19 . Reverting to the question of whether Union of India has locus to file the review petition , we must immediately advert to