52 period . [ Cases : Eminent Domain -147 ] 2- Lessor ’s or lessee ’s interest under a lease contract.[Cases : Bailment-7 ] 3 . WORKING INTEREST . [ Cases : Landlord and Tenant-20 . ] Tenancy . ( 16c ) 1 . The possession or occupancy of land under a lease ; a leasehold interest in real estate . 2 . The period of such possession or occupancy . See ESTATE ( 1 ) . [ Cases : Landlord and Tenant-20 ] 3 . The possession of real or personal property by right or title , esp . under a conveying instrument such as a deed or will . Tenancy at sufferance . ( 18c ) A tenancy arising when a person who has been in lawful possession of property wrongfully remains as a holdover after his or her interest has expired . ¢ A tenancy at sufferance takes the form of either a tenancy at will or a periodic tenancy.- Also termed holdover tenancy ; estate at sufferance . See HOLDING OVER ( 1 ) . [ Cases : Landlord and Tenant-117 , 119 . ] “ A tenancy at sufferance arises where a tenant , having entered upon land under a valid tenancy , holds over without the landlord ’s assent or dissent . Such a tenant differs from a trespasser in that his original entry was lawful , and from a tenant at will in that his tenancy exists without the landlord ’s assent . No rent , as such , is payable , but the tenant is liable to pay compensation for his use and occupation of the land . The tenancy may be determined [ i.e. , terminated ] at any time , and may be converted into a yearly or other periodic tenancy in the usual way , e.g. , if rent is paid and accepted with reference to a year in circumstances where the parties intended there to be a tenancy . ” Robert E. Megarry & M.P. Thompson , A Manual of the Law of Real Property 319 ( 6 " ed . 1993 ) . It will be useful to also advert to the expression ‘ Tenant ’ and ‘ Holdover Tenant ’ follows : in Black ’s Law Dictionary which are as Tenant , n. ( 14c ) 1 . One who holds or possesses lands or tenements by any kind of right or title . See TENANCY . [ Cases : Landlord and Tenant-1 ]