61 paragraphs 14 to 16 ; and then proceeded to consider the same in paragraphs 17 and 18 , which read as follow : “ 17 . The decision in Damadilal case and others in the same line related primarily to the question of heritable interest in the premises of the legal representatives of the deceased tenant who was in occupation as _ statutory tenant . Pointing out that the concept of statutory tenancy under the English Rent Acts and under Indian statutes like the one with which we are concerned rests on different foundations , it was held that the statutory tenant had a heritable interest in the premises which was not merely a personal interest but an interest in the estate like that of a contractual tenant . On this conclusion , the right of legal representatives of the statutory tenant to protect the possession and prosecute the appeal against eviction order was upheld . The main question for decision in Damadilal case was the heritable nature of the statutory tenancy and it was in this context that the terms and conditions of a statutory tenancy were held to be the same as those of the contractual tenancy preceding it . No question arose in Damadilal case of the right of a statutory tenant to create a sub - tenancy after replacement of the contractual tenancy with the statutory tenancy . The observations made and the decision rendered in Damadilal case can not , therefore , be construed as holding that a statutory tenant has a right to create a sub - tenancy during subsistence of statutory tenancy after expiry of the contractual tenancy when the Rent Acts give the same protection against eviction to the tenant except on one or more of the specified grounds . Obviously , the protection to the statutory tenant and the heritable nature of the statutory tenancy providing the same protection against eviction to the tenant ’s heirs does not further require conferral of the right of inducting a subtenant which is not necessary for enjoyment of the tenancy and the protection against eviction given by the Rent Acts . There is no rationale for inferring or extending the landlord ’s written consent for sub - letting beyond the period of contractual tenancy for which alone it is given . No separate discussion for the later decisions in the same line is necessary because of the same distinction in all of them .