126 was entered into or executed before the commencement of this Constitution by any Ruler of an Indian State to which the Government of the Dominion of India was a party and which has or has been continued in operation after such commencement ” . This shows that a dispute relating to the enforcement , interpretation or breach of any treaty etc . , is barred from the Courts ’ jurisdiction . The words ‘ arising out of the provisions of a treaty etc . , ’ limit the words . Thus if a treaty , covenant , etc . , is characterised as forged by any party , that would not be a dispute ‘ arising out of any provision of a treaty , covenant , etc . ’ That dispute would be whether there is a genuine treaty or not . This illustration is given by me to show that the exclusion is not all - embracing . The dispute to be barred must arise from a provision of the treaty , etc . ” 98 . Shah , J. , while speaking for the majority , interpreting Article 363 , ruled : “ 133 . Jurisdiction of the Courts in matters specified is excluded not because the Union of India is successor to the paramountcy of the British Crown , nor because the rights and obligations accepted and recognized by the Constitution may still be regarded as flowing from acts of State : it is only excluded in respect of specific matters by the express provision in Article 363 of the Constitution . Jurisdiction of the Courts even in those matters is not barred “ at the threshold ” as contended by the AttorneyGeneral . The President can not lay down the extent of this Court ’s jurisdiction . He is not made by the Constitution the arbiter of the extent of his authority , nor of the validity of his acts . Action of President is liable to be tested for its validity before the Courts unless their jurisdiction is by express enactment or clear implication barred . To accede to the claim that the jurisdiction of the Court is barred in respect of whatever the executive asserts is valid , is plainly to subvert the Rule of law . It is