17 of Accession , and are wrongfully interfering with the administration of the State beyond the rights given to them under the Instrument of Accession . The whole plaint is nothing else except the claim to enforce the plaintiffs right under the Instrument of Accession . The dispute therefore in my opinion clearly is in respect of this Instrument of Accession and is covered by Article 363(1 ) of the Constitution of India . The question of the validity of the different enactments and orders is also based on the rights claimed under the Instrument of Accession so far as the plaintiff is concerned . On the side of the defendants , the position is that they admit the Instrument of Accession and they do not claim that they are exercising the disputed rights under that Instrument . Their contention is that the Agreement of the 15th of December , 1947 , was validly signed and is binding and enforceable against the plaintiff . The defendants contend that their action in passing the disputed legislation and orders and the action in taking over the administration are all based on that Agreement of 15th December , 1947 . If the plaintiff contends that that Agreement is not binding on it , it can not enforce its rights under the original jurisdiction of the Court . If the plaintiff has a grievance and a right to a relief which the defendants contend it has not , the forum to seek redress is not the Supreme Court exercising its original jurisdiction on the transfer of the suit from the Federal Court . According to the defendants , the situation in those circumstances will be of a Sovereign Independent State trespassing on the territories , powers and privileges of another neighbouring independent State . To redress a grievance arising out of such action on the part of the defendants , the Supreme Court is not the forum to give relief . The issue is answered in the negative , costs in the cause . ” 91 . Bose , J. , in his separate opinion , addressed the Issue No.1 which was to the following effect:-