121 concerned having arisen before or after the commencement of the Constitution . It was said that the article should not be construed so as to bar the trial of pending suits or proceedings . But this is not a case of a pending action in a court which continues to function . The Federal Court , in which the suits were pending , and which had exclusive jurisdiction to deal with them , was abolished and a new court , the Supreme Court of India , was created with original jurisdiction strictly limited to disputes relating to legal rights between States recognised as such under the Constitution . But as the States specified in Part B of the First Schedule had a semi - sovereign status before the Constitution , agreements with them were in the nature of international treaties and covenants , and disputes arising out of them would not lie in municipal courts . That principle is given effect to , so far as the Supreme Court ’s original jurisdiction is concerned , by the proviso to Article 131 which defines such jurisdiction and , in regard to all courts and in respect of all proceedings , by Article 363(1 ) . The reason for applying that principle is greater , not less , in regard to such disputes arising before the Constitution when these States , then known as Indian States , enjoyed a higher degree of political freedom . Furthermore , the construction contended for by the plaintiffs as applied to Article 131 would mean that the Court would , notwithstanding the proviso , have jurisdiction in respect of such disputes , provided they arose before the commencement of the Constitution . If that had been intended , one would expect that such jurisdiction would have been conferred by positive enactment , instead of being left to be derived by implication from a proviso intended to delimit the jurisdiction conferred by that article . It seems to me , therefore , that the proviso to Article 131 must be construed as applicable to disputes of the kind mentioned arising both before and after the commencement of the Constitution . If so , Article 363(1 ) must receive the same construction , the language employed being essentially the same . ”