125 historical events as background for his contention that Article 363 must be construed as giving an exclusive right of determination to the President on the subject of recognition and withdrawal of recognition . He submitted that just as an act of State can not be questioned in a Municipal Court so also the withdrawal of recognition can not be called in question . He cited a large number of authorities in support of his case that an act of State is not subject to the scrutiny of the Courts . 67 . The question here is not one of an act of State . Nor can any assurance be drawn from the doctrine of act of State . What we have to do is to construe the article . It bars jurisdiction of Court . It has no bearing upon the rights of the Rulers as such . It neither increases nor reduces those rights by an iota . I shall presently attempt to find out its meaning . Before I do so I must say that it is a well - known rule of interpretation of provisions barring the jurisdiction of civil courts that they must be strictly construed for the exclusion of the jurisdiction of a civil court , and least of all the Supreme Court , is not to be lightly inferred . The gist of the present dispute is whether the article bars the relief to the petitioners although as held by me , the order of the President is ultra vires . 68 . The article commences with the opening words “ notwithstanding anything in this Constitution ” . These exclusionary words are no doubt potent enough to exclude every consideration arising from the other provisions of the Constitution including the Chapter on Fundamental Rights , but for that reason alone we must determine the scope of the article strictly . The article goes on to say that jurisdiction of all Courts including the Supreme Court is barred except that the President may consult the Supreme Court . Having said this the articles goes on to specify the matters on which the jurisdiction is barred . This it does in two parts . The first part is : “ In any dispute arising out of any provision of a treaty etc . , which