270 the same field they were having first Kuruvai and followed by Thaladi and in the rest , Samba crop which takes a longer time to mature was being grown . After examining the records it appeared that Madras / Tamil Nadu was having Kuruvai followed by Thaladi in about 95,000 acres prior to the agreement of the year 1924 in the delta area . From the agreement of 1924 read with its Annexures it shall appear that the State of Madras was allowed to extend double crop in the same field by 90,000 acres ( 70,000 acres in the old delta and 20,000 acres in the Mettur Project area ) . The total being 1,85,000 acres . The practice of growing double crop by the cultivators in the aforesaid area of 95,000 acres was being followed much before the execution of the agreement ; it is difficult to direct to discontinue that practice . Same is the position so far the balance of 90,000 acres are concerned because that was permitted under the terms of the agreement and has been specifically mentioned in the Cauvery Mettur Project Report ( 1921 ) as well . All these aspects have been discussed in earlier chapters . But it is an admitted position that State of Madras / Tamil Nadu with the copious flows of water being available started growing double crop of paddy in the same field in different areas . The total of such areas has been discussed in earlier chapters . Similarly Karnataka also followed a practice of growing double crops which were not permitted by the agreement . In this background it is considered necessary in the end of justice not to take note for the purpose of apportioning the waters of interState river Cauvery in respect of growing second paddy crop or any other crop in the same field in the same agriculture year except in the areas in which these practices were being followed prior to 1924 agreement or was specifically permitted under the terms of the agreement . ii ) The State of Karnataka under the terms of the agreement of the year 1924 was allowed to grow sugarcane only on 40,000 acres which it has raised to about