120 one hand , that the Instrument of Accession still governs their mutual rights and obligations and , on the other , that that Instrument stands superseded and is no longer in force . Issues have no doubt been framed in regard to these matters but they can not , in my opinion , be considered to be disputes for the purposes of Article 131 or Article 363(1 ) . These articles deal with the jurisdiction of Courts and they envisage disputed claims to substantive legal rights . The claims in these suits are undoubtedly based on the respective Instruments of Accession and they are repudiated because those Instruments of Accession are said to have been superseded by reason of the alleged agreement of December , 1947 . These claims are disputes to which Article 363(1 ) clearly applies . The other so - called disputes are only incidental and ancillary controversies raised with a view to support or overthrow the claims and can not , in my opinion , affect the operation of the bar under that Article any more than , for instance , Issue 5 relating to the necessity for notice to the defendants under Section 80 of the Civil Procedure Code . 23 . Nevertheless , it is contended , the article has no application here and it can not operate retrospectively and applies only to disputes arising after the commencement of the Constitution . I am unable to accept this restricted interpretation of Article 363(1 ) . While the Article undoubtedly postulates the continued operation of the treaties , agreements , etc . , entered into or executed before the commencement of the Constitution and giving rise to the disputes , it does not require , as a condition of its application , that such Disputes should arise after the commencement of the Constitution . I see no reason for importing a restriction which a plain grammatical construction of the language employed does not warrant . It is not correct to say that the wider construction would make the operation of the article retrospective , for the bar to interference by the court operates only after the Constitution came into force irrespective of the disputes