13 ( i ) One Member ( Water Resources ) — - an engineer not below the rank of Chief Engineer from the Central Water Engineering Services ( CWES ) cadre . ( ii ) One Member ( Agriculture ) — - not below the rank of a Commissioner from the Ministry of Agriculture & Farmers ’ Welfare . ( c ) Two Part Time Members - Representatives of the Central Government of the rank of Joint Secretary to be nominated by Ministry of Water Resources , River Development & Ganga Rejuvenation and Ministry of Agriculture and Farmers ’ Welfare respectively . ( d ) Four Part Time Members from States Administrative Secretaries in charge of Water Resource Departments of each State Government of Kerala , Karnataka , Tamil Nadu and Union Territory of Puducherry who shall be nominated by their respective State Governments . 3 . Secretary of the Authority : The Authority shall have a Secretary who shall be an engineer to be appointed by the Central Government for a term of three years extendable to five years not below the rank of Chief Engineer from the CWES cadre . He shall not have any voting rights . 4 . Quorum and Voting : Six Members shall form a Quorum and the concurrence of the majority shall be necessary for transaction of the business of the Authority except such business as the Authority may from time to time prescribe as routine . The Members shall have equal powers . The next meeting will be held within three days if the meeting is postponed for want of quorum and for that meeting quorum will not be necessary . 5 . Disposal of Business by the Authority : ( a ) On the following matters , the Authority shall record its decision by a resolution at a meeting in which the Chairman and all the Members from the party States are _ present : ( i ) Framing of Rules of Business ; ( ii ) Delegation of functions to a Member or Secretary or any official of the Authority ; ( iii ) Categorizing any part of the business of the Authority as of a formal or routine nature ; ( iv ) Any other matter which any of the four party States require that it shall be decided at a meeting of the Authority .