( xi ) ( xii ) ( xiii ) ( xiv ) ( xv ) ( xvi ) ( xvii ) 18 Department ( IMD)/ Central Water Commission ( CWC)/States in the Cauvery basin ; as also inflow data measured at important nodal points on the Cauvery river system through the Cauvery Regulation Committee which will suitably compile the rainfall data for different monsoon seasons along with the inflows measured at different sites . the Authority or any Member or any representative thereof shall have power to enter upon any land or property upon which any hydraulic structure or any work of gauging or measuring device has been or is being constructed , operated or maintained by any agency in the Cauvery basin To hold and dispose of property , enter into contracts , sue and be sued and do all such acts as may be necessary for the proper exercise and discharge of its jurisdiction , powers and functions . To construct or make direction to construct additional gauging stations to the States concerned with the assistance of Central Government and CWC for implementing the decision of the Tribunal . If the Authority finds that any Government of the party States namely Tamil Nadu , Kerala , Karnataka and Union Territory of Pondicherry do not co - operate in implementing the decision / direction of the Tribunal , it can seek the help of the Central Government for implementation of the Award of the Tribunal as modified by the Hon’ble Supreme Court order of 16.02.2018 . If any delay / shortfall is caused in release of water on account of default of any party State , the Authority shall take appropriate action to make good the deficiency by subsequently deducting indented releases of that party State . The Authority will advice the party States to take suitable measures to improve water use efficiency , by way of promoting micro - irrigation ( drip and sprinkler ) , change in cropping pattern , improved agronomic practices , system deficiency correction , command area development etc . The Authority will advice the party States to adopt efficient technologies for water conservation and preservation . ( xviii ) The Authority shall comply with directions with respect to ( xix ) 10 . composition , establishment and administration that the Central Government may provide time to time . The Authority may delegate such of its power , as it thinks fit to Cauvery Water Regulation Committee . Annual Report of the Authority :