( vii ) ( viii ) ( ix ) ( x ) 17 computer based control room for data processing to determine the hydrological conditions including distress , if any . For this purpose , it may utilize the latest technology . For operational purposes , this work may be entrusted by the Authority to CWC or any other Central / State Government organization . At the start of irrigation season i.e. 1st June of every year , all the party States through their representatives in the Authority shall submit an indent for the supplies required by them at each reservoir site ( capacity 3 TMC and above ) for the month of June broken in 10 daily intervals . The Authority will examine reasonableness of the indents keeping in view the cropping pattern and extent of area to be irrigated and order releases keeping in view the overall ceiling prescribed by the Tribunal and modified by the Supreme Court Order dated 16.02.2018 for the month after determining the available carry - over storage and taking into consideration the likely inflows during the month . The Regulation Committee shall release water on ten daily bases as ordered by the Authority . In case of deficiency in the water availability during any month as reported by the Regulation Committee , the Authority will consider reduction in the indent of the parties in proportion to the quantities allocated to each State by the Tribunal as modified by the Supreme Court order dated 16.02.2018 for the designated crops . The Regulation Committee shall keep a watch on the actual performance of the monsoon during each ten daily interval and report position to the Authority indicating therein the extent of variation from the normal . The Authority on receipt of such information will consider any change in the release ordered by them earlier . Similar exercise will continue as the monsoon progresses during the succeeding months till the end of the water year i.e. 31st May of every year . The Authority has to ensure that the State Governments should construct proper hydraulic structures at all important anicut sites in the basin with provision of appropriate regulation mechanism . Besides , regular monitoring of the withdrawals at such diversion structures on the part of the State would be necessary . The Authority may direct party States to furnish data in respect of carry - over storage in reservoirs , including inflows and outflows , rainfall data , the area irrigated and water utilized . The Authority shall arrange collection of data for important rain gauge stations maintained by Indian Metrological