( ii ) ( iii ) ( iv ) ( v ) ( vi ) 16 during a season ; it will be assumed that the inflows will be according to 50 % dependable year ( yield 740 TMC ) . The share of each State will be determined on the basis of the flows so assumed together with the available carry over storage in the reservoirs . The withdrawals will be allowed during the first time interval of ten days of the season on the basis of the share worked out for each party State , limited to the water requirements during the same period indicated by each State by placing an indent of water demand with Cauvery Water Regulation Committee . The Authority will take stock of the actual yield in the basin at the end of the previous time interval as well as the utilization / releases and storage built up during the interval and assess the trend of inflows and authorize withdrawals to the States for the subsequent time interval accordingly . For giving effect to the aforesaid provision , the Authority may have to repeat this exercise for two or more time intervals . The Authority shall ensure the implementation of the Award of the Tribunal modified by the Supreme Court order dated 16.02.2018 including the carry -over storage during good year and the water releases for environmental purposes . The Authority through the Regulation Committee and with the help of CWC , and other Central / State organizations as necessary will identify situations of distress in the basin . Distress caused by diminution of water flows during the period will be shared by the party States after the distress conditions and their extent is determined by the Authority , keeping in view water shares allotted to parties . The following important reservoirs in the basin namely : Banasurasagar in Kerala , Hemavathy , Harangi , Kabini and Krishnarajasagara in Karnataka and Lower Bhavani , Amaravathy and Mettur in Tamil Nadu shall be operated in an integrated manner by the concerned State under the overall guidance of the Authority for each ten day period throughout the year to meet the seasonal water requirements of the various States for irrigation , hydropower generation , domestic and industrial uses etc . The remaining quantities of the surplus water shall be conserved as far as possible and spillage of water shall be reduced to the minimum . The Authority shall maintain an account of cropping pattern , area cropped and area irrigated for each party State . The Authority shall also maintain an account of domestic and industrial water usage by each party State . The Authority is to set up a well - designed communication network in the Cauvery basin for transmission of data and a