14 ( b ) Chairman of the Authority can invite representatives from Central Water Commission , National Institute of Hydrology , Indian Agricultural Research Institute ( IARI ) and/or any other agency including universities as special invitees to attend the Authority meetings or otherwise , in carrying out the functions specified under this scheme . ( c ) Subject to the foregoing provisions , the Authority shall frame its own rules for the conduct of its business . 6 . Indemnity of Members : No Member , officer or employee of the Authority shall be liable for loss , injury or damages resulting from : ( a ) action taken by such Member , officer or employee in good faith and without malice under the apparent authority of the orders , even though such action is later determined to be unauthorised , or ( b ) the negligent or wrongful act of omission of any other person employed by the Authority and serving under such Member , officer or employee unless such member , officer , or employee failed to exercise due care in the appointment of such other person or the supervision of his work . 7 . Officers and Servants of the Authority : The Authority may from time to time appoint or employ such and so many officers and employees as it thinks fit and remove or dismiss them , under the rules and regulations applicable to the appointment , removal and dismissal of the Central Government officers and employees . All such officers and employees shall be subject to the sole control of the Authority . The Authority may , with the previous approval of the Central Government , make regulations to regulate conditions of service of all such officers and employees in respect of the residential accommodation , house rent allowance , travelling allowance , daily allowance , conveyance allowance and medical reimbursement . The scales of pay and the other service conditions shall be as applicable to Central Government employees . Persons employed in the services of the three States and the Union Territory of Puducherry may be appointed or employed by the Authority in such proportions as the Authority may deem fit . The Authority shall arrange with the State Government / Union Territory to spare the services of the persons employed in the State Government / Union Territory for whole time employment with the Authority , or for the performance of any work or services for the Authority .