15 The Authority may also make direct recruitment of any personnel or obtain the same from the Centre or other sources as considered appropriate . 8 . Administrative and Field Organisation Costs : ( i ) All expenses of the Authority ( including salary and other expenses of the Chairman and independent Members ) shall be borne by the State Governments , in the ratio of Kerala — 15 % Karnataka - 40 % , Tamil Nadu - — 40 % ; and Union Territory of Pondicherry - 5 % . The expenses pertaining to Member representing a State shall be borne by the State concerned . ( ii ) The cost of maintaining , operation and controlling of gauging and other hydrological systems for communicating data shall be borne by the State concerned . The cost of construction and maintenance of the storages , power installations , diversion works , head - works and _ canal networks shall be borne wholly by the State Government in whose territory the works are located . 9 . Powers , Functions and Duties of the Authority : 1 . The Authority shall be charged with the power and shall be under a duty to do any or all things necessary , sufficient and expedient for securing compliance and implementation of the final decision and directions of the Tribunal further modified by Supreme Court Order dated 16.02.2018 including : ( i ) Storage , apportionment , regulation and control of Cauvery waters . ( ii ) Supervision of operation of reservoirs and with regulation of water releases therefrom with the assistance of Regulation Committee . ( iii ) Regulated release by Karnataka , at the interState contact point presently identified as Billigundulu gauge and discharge station , located on the common border of Karnataka and Tamil Nadu . 2 . The Authority may constitute one or more subcommittees and assign to them such of its functions and delegate such of its powers as it thinks fit . 3 . In particular and without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing functions , the Authority shall perform interalia , the following functions : The Authority at the beginning of the water year , i.e. first June each year would determine the total residual storage in the specified reservoirs . As , it is not possible to know the amount of season - wise river flows which will be available