( iii ) ( iv ) 19 The Authority shall prepare and transmit to each of the four parties as early as possible in any case before 30th September of each year , an Annual Report covering the activities of the Authority for the preceding year . The Authority shall make available to each State on its request any information within its possession any time and always provide access to its records to the States and their authorized representatives . 11 . Records of the Authority and their Location : The Authority shall keep a record of all meetings and proceedings , maintain regular accounts , and have a suitable office where documents , records , accounts and gauging data shall be kept open for inspection by the Central Government and Government of each of the party States and Union Territory or their representatives at such time and under such regulations as the Authority may determine . The headquarters of the Authority shall be at New Delhi . 12 . Contracts and Agreements : The Authority shall enter into such contracts and agreements as may be necessary and essential for the full and proper performance of the functions and duties conferred or imposed on it . 13 . Financial Provision : ( i ) The Government of India shall initially contribute a sum of Rs . 2 crores ( two crores only ) for the functioning of the Authority . ( ii ) All the capital and revenue expenditure required to be incurred by the Authority shall be borne by the State Governments of Kerala , Karnataka , Tamil Nadu and Union Territory of Pondicherry in the ratio of 15:40:40:5 respectively . On the constitution of the Authority , the Governments of the State of Kerala , Karnataka , Tamil Nadu and Union Territory of Puducherry shall contribute Rupees two crores in the ratio indicated in ( ii ) above , towards the fund of the Authority in the first instance ; and later on make advance payments on a quarterly basis as demanded by the Authority keeping in view the Annual Budget of the Authority . The Authority shall maintain detailed and accurate accounts of all receipts and disbursements and shall after the closing of each financial year , prepare an annual Statement of Accounts and send copies thereof to the Accountant General and concerned basin States .