21 of Agriculture & FW not below the rank of Commissioner 6 ) Secretary to the Authority : Member Secretary The headquarters of the Cauvery Water Regulation Committee shall be at Bengaluru . 2 . Functions of the Cauvery Water Regulation Committee : The Regulation Committee shall ensure the implementation of the provisions contained in the final order of the Tribunal further modified by the Supreme Court order dated 16.02.2018 in accordance with the directions of the Authority namely : a ) to collect daily water levels , inflows and storage position at each of the following reservoirs - Hemavathy , Harangi , Krishnarajasagara , Kabini , Mettur , Bhavanisagar , Amaravathy and Banasurasagar . b ) to ensure ten daily releases of water on monthly basis from the reservoirs as directed by the Authority . c ) to collect data of water released from the aforesaid reservoirs on 12 hourly basis . d ) the Authority ’s representatives at each of the reservoirs shall monitor proper implementation of the regulation instruction issued by the Regulation Committee ; in the event of any variation , the representative shall immediately inform the Secretary of the Committee for appropriate action . e ) to collect daily water flows passing through presently identified inter - State contact point i.e. , Billigundulu gauge and discharge site and keep the Authority suitably informed . f ) to compile and reconcile monthly water account for each reservoir . g ) to collect and compile weekly information about important rain gauge _ stations of the IMD in order to be able to broadly assess the position of monsoon and keep the Authority informed about the status of the monsoon . h ) the State representative , in - charge of the major projects will keep the Regulation Committee regularly informed about the occurrence of the rainfall in the commands and whether any change in the releases is required . i ) to prepare seasonal and annual report of the water account and submit the same to the Authority as indicated below:-