under the Act so that the legally inapposite acts are immediately curbed . ( f ) The Courts which deal with the complaints under the Act shall be fast tracked and the concerned High Courts shall issue appropriate directions in that regard . 7 The judicial officers who are to deal with these cases under the Act shall be periodically imparted training in the Judicial Academies or Training Institutes , as the case may be , so that they can be sensitive and develop the requisite sensitivity as projected in the objects and reasons of the Act and its various provisions and in view of the need of the society . ( g ( h = The Director of Prosecution or , if the said post is not there , the Legal Remembrancer or the Law Secretary shall take stock of things with regard to the lodging of prosecution so that the purpose of the Act is subserved . ( I ) The Courts that deal with the complaints under the Act shall deal with the matters in promptitude and submit the quarterly report to the High Courts through the concerned Sessions and District Judge . ( j ) The learned Chief Justices of each of the High Courts in the country are requested to constitute a Committee of three Judges that can periodically oversee the progress of the cases . ( k The awareness campaigns with regard to the provisions of the Act as well as the social awareness shall be undertaken as per the direction No.9.8 in the order dated March 4 , 2013 passed in Voluntary Health Association of Punjab ( supra ) . ( l ) The State Legal Services Authorities of the States shall give emphasis on this campaign during the spread of legal aid and involve the para - legal volunteers . ( m)The Union of India and the States shall see to it that appropriate directions are issued to the authorities of All India Radio and Doordarshan functioning in various States to give wide publicity pertaining to the saving of the girl child and the grave dangers the society shall face because of female foeticide . ( n = All the appropriate authorities including the States and districts notified under the Act shall submit quarterly progress report to the Government of India through the State Government and maintain Form H for keeping the information of all registrations readily available as per sub - rule 6 of Rule 18A of the Rules . ( 0 a The States and Union Territories shall implement the Preconception and Pre - natal Diagnostic Techniques ( Prohibition of Sex Selection ) ( Six Months Training ) Rules , 2014 forthwith