considering that the training provided therein is imperative for realising the objects and purpose of this Act . ( p ) As the Union of India and some States framed incentive schemes for the girl child , the States that have not framed such schemes , may introduce such schemes . ”’(Emphasis supplied ) 3 The PCPNDT Act was enacted by Parliament , as its Preamble indicates , to prohibit sex - selection , and to regulate pre - natal diagnostic techniques so as to prevent their misuse for sex determination . The Preamble reads thus : “ An Act to provide for the regulation of the use of pre - natal diagnostic techniques for the purpose of detecting genetic or metabolic disorders or chromosomal abnormalities or certain congenital malformations or sex linked disorders and for the prevention of the misuse of such techniques for the purpose of pre - natal sex determination leading to female foeticide ; and , for matters connected there with or incidental thereto . ” 4 The intent of Parliament in enacting the law is clarified in the Statement of Objects and Reasons which accompanied the introduction of the Bill . Insofar as it is material to the present controversy , the Statement of Objects and Reasons reads thus : “ Introduction : In the recent past Pre - natal Diagnostic Centres sprang up in the urban areas of the country using pre - natal diagnostic techniques for determination of sex of the foetus . Such centres became very popular and their growth was tremendous as the female child is not welcomed with open arms in most of the Indian families . The result was that such centres became centres of female foeticide . Such abuse of the technique is against the female sex and affects the dignity and status of women . Various Organisation working for the welfare and uplift of the women raised their heads against such an abuse . ” Statement of Objects and Reasons It is proposed to prohibit pre - natal diagnostic techniques for determination of sex of the foetus leading to female foeticide .