2 In Voluntary Health Association of Punjab v Union of India ’ , this Court by a judgment dated 8 November 2016 issued comprehensive directions for the purpose of effective implementation of the provisions of the Pre - conception and Pre - natal Diagnostic Techniques ( Prohibition of Sex Selection ) Act , 19947 . The directions issued by this Court are extracted below : “ 33 . Keeping in view the deliberations made from time to time and regard being had to the purpose of the Act and the far reaching impact of the problem , we think it appropriate to issue the following directions in addition to the directions issued in the earlier order : ( a ) All the States and the Union Territories in India shall maintain a centralized database of civil registration records from all registration units so that information can be made available from the website regarding the number of boys and girls being born . ( b aS The information that shall be displayed on the website shall contain the birth information for each District , Municipality , Corporation or Gram Panchayat so that a visual comparison of boys and girls born can be immediately seen . ( c ww The statutory authorities if not constituted as envisaged under the Act shall be constituted forthwith and the competent authorities shall take steps for the reconstitution of the statutory bodies so that they can become immediately functional after expiry of the term . That apart , they shall meet regularly so that the provisions of the Act can be implemented in reality and the effectiveness of the legislation is felt and realized in the society . ( d S The provisions contained in Sections 22 and 23 shall be strictly adhered to . Section 23(2 ) shall be duly complied with and it shall be reported by the authorities so that the State Medical Council takes necessary action after the intimation is given under the said provision . The Appropriate Authorities who have been appointed under Section 17(1 ) and 17(2 ) shall be imparted periodical training to carry out the functions as required under various provisions of the Act . ( e ~S If there has been violation of any of the provisions of the Act or the Rules , proper action has to be taken by the authorities 1 Writ Petition ( c ) No . 349 of 2006 2 PCPNDT Act