reports , journals , etc . without rendering any legal service , including advice in the form of opinion , but they do not appear before any courts or tribunals anywhere in India . Such activities can not at all be considered as practising law in India . It has not been controverted that in England , foreign lawyers are free to advice on their own system of law or on English Law or any other system of law without any nationality requirement or need to be qualified in England . 52 . Before enacting the Arbitration and Conciliation Act , 1996 the Law Commission of India , several representative bodies of trade and industry and experts in the field of arbitration have proposed amendments to the Act to make it more responsive to contemporary requirements . It was also recognised that the economic reforms in India may not fully become effective if the law dealing with settlement of both domestic and _ international commercial disputes remains out of tune with such reforms . The United Nations Commission on International Trade Law ( UNCITRAL ) adopted in 1985 the Model Law on _ International Commercial Arbitration . The Arbitration and Conciliation Act is , therefore , consolidated and amended to the law relating to domestic and international commercial arbitration as well as for the enforcement of foreign arbitral award . The Act was enacted as a measure of fulfilling India 's obligations under the International Treaties and Conventions . On account of the growth in the international trade and commerce and also on account of long delays occurring in the disposal of suits and appeals in courts , there has been tremendous movement towards the resolution of disputes through alternative forum of arbitrators . 53 . Section 2(1)(f ) of the Act defines the term “ International Commercial Arbitration " as under : ( f ) International Commercial Arbitration means an arbitration relating to disputes arising out of legal relationships , whether contractual or not , considered as commercial under the law in force in India and where at least one of the parties is ( i ) an individual who is a national of , or habitually resident in , any country other than India ; or 23