( a ) all persons who were entered as an Advocate on the roll of any High Court under the Indian Bar Council Act , 1926 , immediately before the appointed date and ( b ) all other persons admitted to be Advocates on the roll of the State Bar Council under the Act on or after the appointed date . In terms of Section 24(1 ) of the Act , subject to the provisions of the Act and the Rules made thereunder , a person shall be qualified to be admitted as an advocate ona state roll if he fulfils the conditions ( a ) a citizen of India , ( b ) has completed 21 years of age and ( c ) obtained a degree in Law . The proviso to Section 24(1)(a ) states that subject to the other provisions of the Act , a National of any other country may be admitted as an Advocate on a State roll , if a citizen of India , duly qualified is permitted to practice law in that other country . In terms of Section 47(1 ) of the Act , where any country specified by the Central Government by notification prevents citizens of India practicing the profession of Law or subjects them to unfair discrimination in that country , no subject of any such country shall be entitled to practice the profession of Law in India . In terms of Sub - Section ( 2 ) of Section 47 , subject to the provision of Sub - Section ( 1 ) , the Bar Council of India may _ prescribe conditions , if any , subject to which foreign qualifications in law obtained by persons other than citizens of India shall be recognized for the purpose of admission as an Advocate under the Act . Thus , Section 47 deals with reciprocity . As per the statement of objects and reasons of the Advocates Act , it was a law enacted to provide one class of legal practitioners , specifying the academic and professional qualifications necessary for enrolling as a practitioner of Indian Law , and only Indian citizens with a Law Degree from a _ recognized Indian University could enrol as Advocates under the Act . The exceptions are provided under the proviso to Section 24(1)(a ) , Section 24(1)(c)(iv ) and Section 47(2 ) . In the light of the scheme of the Act , if a lawyer from a foreign law firm visits India to advice his client on matters relating to the law which is applicable to their country , for which purpose he “ flies in and flies out " of India , there could not be a bar for such services rendered by such foreign law firm / foreign lawyer . 60 . We are persuaded to observe so , since there may be several transactions in which an Indian 2 ]