( ii ) a body corporate which is incorporated in any country other than India ; or ( iii ) a company or an association or a body of individuals whose central management and control is exercised in any country other than India ; or ( iv ) the Government of a foreign country . 54 . From the above definition , it is manifestly clear that any arbitration matter between the parties to the arbitration agreement shall be called an “ international commercial arbitration " if the matter relates to the disputes , which may or may not be contractual , but where at least one of the parties habitually resides abroad whether a national of that country or not . The New York Convention will apply to an arbitration agreement if it has a foreign element or flavour involving international trade and commerce , even though such an agreement does not lead to a foreign award . 55 . International arbitration is growing big time in India and in almost all the countries across the globe . India is a signatory to the World Trade Agreement , which has opened up the gates for many international business establishments based in different parts of the world to come and set up their respective businesses in India . 56 . Large number of Indian Companies have been reaching out to foreign destinations by mergers , acquisition or direct investments . As per the data released by the Reserve Bank of India during 2009 , the total out ward investment from India excluding that which was made by Banks , had increased 29.6 % to U.S. Dollar 17.4 billion in 2007 - 08 and India is ranked third in global foreign direct investment . Overseas investments in joint ventures and wholly owned subsidiaries have been recognized as important avenues by Indian Entrepreneurs in terms of foreign exchange earning like dividend , loyalty , etc . India is the 7th largest , the second most populated country and the fourth largest economy in the world . Various economic reforms brought about have made India grow rapidly in the Asia - Pacific Region , and the Indian Private Sector has offered considerable scope for foreign direct investment , joint - venture and collaborations . Undoubtedly , these cross - border transactions and investments would 24