settling of documents and arbitrations in India , it will obstruct the aim of making India a hub of international arbitration . Many arbitrations with Indian Judges as arbitrators and Indian lawyers are held outside India where foreign and Indian law firms advise their clients . Barring the entry of foreign law firms for arbitrations in India will result in many arbitrations shifting to Singapore , Paris and London , contrary to the declared policy of the Government and against national interest . However , its final stand in affidavits dated 19 " April , 2011 and 17 " November , 2011 was different as recorded in Para 3 of the High Court Judgment as follows : “ 3 . The first respondent Union of India filed four counter affidavits on 19.08.2010 , 24.11.2010 , 19.04.2011 and 17.11.2011 . In one of the counter affidavits , it is stated that the Bar Council of India , which has been established under the Advocates Act , 1961 , regulates the advocates who are on the " Rolls " , but law firms as such are not required to register themselves before any statutory authority , nor do they require any permission to engage in nonlitigation practice . Exploiting this loophole , many accountancy and management firms are employing law graduates who are rendering legal services , which is contrary to the provisions of the Advocates Act . It is stated that the Government of India along with the Bar Council of India is considering this issue and is trying to formulate a regulatory framework in this regard . The 1 * respondent in his counter warns that if the foreign law firms are not allowed to take part in negotiations , settling up documents and arbitrations in India , it will have a counter productive effect on the aim of the government to make India a hub of International Arbitration . In this connection , it is stated that many arbitrations with Indian Judges and Lawyers as Arbitrators are held outside India , where both foreign and Indian Law Firms advise their clients . If foreign law firms are denied entry to deal 6