company or a person of Indian origin may enter into transaction with a foreign company , and the laws applicable to such transaction are the laws of the said foreign country . There may be a necessity to seek legal advice on the manner in which the foreign law would be applied to the said transaction , for which purpose if a lawyer from a foreign law firm is permitted to fly into India and fly out advising their client on the foreign law , it can not be stated to be prohibited . The corollary would be that such foreign law firm shall not be entitled to do any form of practice of Indian Law either directly or indirectly . The private respondents herein , namely the foreign law firms , have accepted that there is express prohibition for a foreign lawyer or a foreign law firm to practice Indian Law . It is pointed out that if an interpretation is given to prohibit practice of foreign law by a foreign law firms within India , it would result in a manifestly absurd situation wherein only Indian citizens with Indian Law degree who are enrolled as an advocate under the Advocates Act could practice foreign law , when the fact remains that foreign laws are not taught at graduate level in Indian Law schools , except Comparative Law Degree Courses at the Master 's level . 61 . As noticed above , the Government of India , in their counter affidavit dated 19.08.2010 , have stated that the contention raised by the petitioner that foreign law firms should not be allowed to take part in negotiating settlements , settling up documents and arbitrations will be counter productive , as International Arbitration will be confined to a single country . It is further pointed out that many arbitrations are held outside India with Indian Judges and Lawyers as Arbitrators where both foreign and Indian Law firms advise their clients . It has been further stated if foreign law firms are denied permission to deal with arbitration in India , then we would lose many arbitrations to other countries and this is contrary to the declared policy of the Government and will be against the National interest , especially when the Government wants India to be a hub of International Arbitration 62 . At this juncture , it is necessary to note yet another submission made by the Government of India in their counter . It has been stated that law firms as such or not required to register themselves 28