activities in all forms can not be permitted since such activities are opposed to the provisions of the Advocates Act and the Bar Council of India Rules . We do not differ from the view taken by the Bombay High Court on this aspect . ” 18 . The Madras High Court after above observation proceeded to consider the matter as follows : “ A5   . However , the issue which falls for consideration before this Court is as to whether a foreign law firm , without establishing any liaison office in India visiting India for the purpose of offering legal advice to their clients in India on foreign law , is prohibited under the provisions of the Advocates Act . In other words , the question here is , whether a foreign lawyer visiting India for a temporary period to advise his client on foreign law can be barred under the provisions of the Advocates Act . This issue was neither raised nor answered by the Bombay High Court in the aforesaid judgment . ” 19 . It was held : “ 51 . We find force in the submission made by the learned counsel appearing for the foreign law firms that if foreign law firms are not allowed to take part in negotiations , for settling up documents and conduct arbitrations in India , it will have a counter productive effect on the aim of the Government to make India a hub of International Arbitration . According to the learned counsel , many arbitrations with Indian Judges and Lawyers as Arbitrators are held outside India , where both foreign and Indian law firms advise their clients . If foreign law firms are denied entry to deal with arbitrations in India , then India will lose many of the arbitrations to foreign countries . It will be contrary to the declared policy of the Government and against the national interest . Some of the companies have been carrying on consultancy / support services in the field of protection and management of intellectual , business and industrial proprietary rights , carrying out market surveys and market research and publication of 22