the right to legal representation is not absolute . The parties may agree to dispense with legal representation ® . Furthermore , some rules of arbitration prohibit the use of _ legal representation ’ . In international commercial arbitrations it is generally accepted that the parties may choose their own advocate without necessarily choosing one qualified at the seat of the arbitration ® . However , in a few recent cases that principle has been challengea ’ . ” il ) Redfern and Hunter on International Arbitration “ In general , the parties may also be represented by engineers , or commercial men , for the purpose of putting forward the oral submissions , and even for the examination of witnesses . It is not uncommon , where a case involves technical issues , for an engineer or other professional man to be part of the team of advocates representing a party at a hearing , although it is more usual for such technical experts to be called as witnesses and the Tribunal . They are further authorized to retain , for the defense of their rights and interests before the Tribunal , counsel or advocates appointed by them for this purpose . ’ 6 Henry Bath & Son Ltd. v. Birgby Products [ 1962 ] Lloyd ’s Rep 389 ; and see also the English Arbitration Act 1996 , s 36 . ’ The arbitration rules of the Australian Football league , for example , limit legal representation . ® See , for example , In the matter of an Arbitration between Lawler , Matusky and Skelly , Engineers and the Attorney General of Barbados ( No.320 of 1981 ) 22 August 1983 where the High Court of Barbados held that there was a ‘ common law right of everyone who is sui juris to appoint an agent for any purpose ’ . The court held that this included the right to appoint a representative to appear as advocate on a party ’s behalf in a commercial arbitration . ° In the matter of an Arbitration between Builders Federal ( Hong Kong ) Ltd. and Joseph Gartner & Co. , and Turner ( East Asia ) Pte Ltd ( No . 90 of 1987 ) ( 1988 ) 2 MLJ 280 the Malaysian Judicial Commissioner Chan Sek Keong ruled that the respondents , who were a foreign company , could not select a counsel from their own country because Singapore ’s Legal Profession Act operated as a bar to foreign lawyers from representing their clients in international arbitrations in Singapore . However , in June 2004 Singapore finally amended its Legal Profession Act to eliminate this restriction on representation by foreign lawyers in arbitrations in Singapore . See also Birbrower , Montabano , Condon & Frank v. Superior Court of Santa Clara County , 1998 Cal LEXIS 2 , 1998 WL 1346 ( Cal 1/5/98 ) where the court held that a New York lawyer representing a client in a Californian arbitration was not qualified to act for his client because he was not called to the Californian bar and therefore not entitled to recover his fees . The court , however , stated that this principle would not apply to an international commercial arbitration . 39