and authorities mentioned under Section 30 of the 1961 Act , or in chambers , or otherwise . The above rule clearly shows that the chamber practise , namely , practise in non _ litigious matters is also within the purview of the 1961 Act . 59 . Counsel for the Union of India had argued that the Central Government is actively considering the issue relating to the foreign law firms practising the profession of law in India . Since the said issue is pending before the Central Government for more than 15 years , we direct the Central Government to take appropriate decision in the matter as expeditiously as possible . Till then , the 1961 Act as enacted would prevail , that is , the persons practising the profession of law whether in litigious matters or non litigious matters would be governed by the 1961 Act and the Bar Councils framed there under , apart from the powers of the Court to take appropriate action against advocates who are found guilty of professional misconduct . 60 . For all the aforesaid reasons , we hold that in the facts of the present case , the RBI was not justified in granting permission to the foreign law firms to open liaison offices in India under Section 29 of the 1973 Act . We further hold that the expressions ' to practise the profession of law ' in Section 29 of the 1961 Act is wide enough to cover the persons practising in litigious matters as well as persons practising in non litigious matters and , therefore , to practise in non litigious matters in India , the respondent Nos . 12 to 14 were bound to follow the provisions contained in the 1961 Act . The petition is disposed of accordingly with no order as to costs . ” 17 . The Madras High Court agreed with the above view as follows : “ 44 , As noticed above , the facts of the case before the Bombay High Court were that the respondents which were foreign law firms practising the profession of law in US / UK sought permission to open their liaison office in India and render legal assistance to another person in all litigious and nonlitigious matters . The Bombay High Court , therefore , rightly held that establishing liaison office in India by the foreign law firm and rendering liaisoning 21