give bigger opportunities for members of the legal fraternity , in order to better equip themselves to face the challenges . It is common knowledge that in the recent past , parties conducting International Commercial Arbitrations have chosen India as their destination . The arbitration law in India is modelled on the lines of the UNCITRAL Model Law of Arbitration and makes a few departures from the principles enshrined therein . The Arbitration and Conciliation Act 1996 , provides for international commercial arbitration where at least one of the parties is not an Indian National or Body corporate incorporated in India or a foreign Government . 57 . Institutional Arbitration has been defined to be an arbitration conducted by an arbitral institution in accordance with the rules of the institution . The Indian Council of Arbitration is one such body . It is reported that in several cases of International Commercial Arbitration , foreign contracting party prefers to arbitrate in India and several reasons have been stated to choose India as the seat of arbitration . Therefore , when there is liberalization of economic policies , throwing the doors open to foreign investments , it can not be denied that disputes and differences are bound to arise in such International contracts . When one of the contracting party is a foreign entity and there is a binding arbitration agreement between the parties and India is chosen as the seat of arbitration , it is but natural that the foreign contracting party would seek the assistance of their own solicitors or lawyers to advice them on the impact of the laws of their country on the said contract , and they may accompany their clients to visit India for the purpose of the Arbitration . Therefore , if a party to an International Commercial Arbitration engages a foreign lawyer and if such lawyers come to India to advice their clients on the foreign law , we see there could be no prohibition for such foreign lawyers to advise their clients on foreign law in India in the course of a International Commercial transaction or an International Commercial Arbitration or matters akin thereto . Therefore , to advocate a proposition that foreign lawyers or foreign law firms can not come into India to advice their clients on foreign law would be a far fetched and dangerous proposition and in our opinion , would be to take a step backward , when India is becoming a preferred seat for arbitration in 25