in order that their opinions and submissions may be tested by cross - examination . However , it may sometimes be convenient and save time if technical experts address the arbitral tribunal directly as party representatives ” ’ , The Supreme Court of California held in 1998 that representing a party in an arbitration without its seat in California was ‘ engaging in the practice of law ’ in that state . It followed that a New York lawyer , not a member of the Californian Bar , was not qualified to represent his client in a Californian arbitration ; and was thus unable to recover his fee when he sued for it ” . Fortunately the court stated that the rule did not apply in international arbitration . IN England there is not , and never has been , any danger of a similar situation arising ’ . A party to an arbitration may , in theory , be represented by his plumber , his dentist , or anyone else of his choosing , although the choice usually falls on a lawyer or specialist claims consultant in the relevant industry ’ ? . ” IV ) LONDON COURT OF INTERNATIONAL ARBITRATION ( LCIA ) RULES ( 2014 ) Article 18 - Legal Representatives “ 18.1Any party may be represented in the arbitration by one or more authorized legal representatives appearing by name before the Arbitral Tribunal . 18.2 Until the Arbitral Tribunal ’s formation , the Registrar may request from any party : ( i ) written proof of the authority granted by that party to any legal representative designated in its Request or Response ; and ( ii ) written ‘ © Both the UNCITRAL RULES ( Art4 ) and the LCIA Rules ( Art18 ) make it clear that parties are entitled to be represented by non - lawyers . " Birbrower , Montabane , Condon Frank v. The Superior Court of Santa Clara County , 1998 Cal Lexis2 ; 1998 WL 1346 ( Cal 1/5/98 ) ” i.e. that only a member of the local bar should be entitled to represent a party in a judicial or quasi - judicial proceeding . ' English Arbitration Act , 1996 , s 36 . This reaffirms the previous common law position . 40