International Commercial Arbitrations . It can not be denied that we have a comprehensive and progressive legal frame work to support International Arbitration and the 1996 Act , provides for maximum judicial support of arbitration and = minimal intervention . That apart , it is not in all cases , a foreign company conducting an _ International Commercial Arbitration in India would solicit the assistance of their foreign lawyers . The legal expertise available in India is of International standard and such foreign companies would not hesitate to avail the services of Indian lawyers . Therefore , the need to make India as a preferred seat for International Commercial Arbitration would benefit the economy of the country . 58 . The Supreme Court in a recent decision in Vodafone International Holdings B.V. vs. Union of India and another , SLP(C ) No.26529 of 2010 , dated 20.01.2012 , observed that every strategic foreign direct investment coming to India , as an investment destination should be seen in a holistic manner . The Supreme Court observed that the question involved in the said case was of considerable public importance , especially on Foreign Direct Investment , which is indispensable for a growing economy like India . Therefore , we should not lose site of the fact that in the overall economic growth of the country , International Commercial Arbitration would play a vital part . The learned counsel appearing for the foreign law firms have taken a definite stand that the clients whom they represent do not have offices in India , they do not advise their foreign clients on matters concerning Indian Law , but they fly in and fly out of India , only to advise and hand - hold their clients on foreign laws . The foreign law firms , who are the private respondents in this writ petition , have accepted the legal position that the term " practice " would include both litigation as well as non - litigation work , which is better known as chamber practice . Therefore , rendering advice to a client would also be encompassed in the term " practice " . 59 . As noticed above , Section 2(a ) of the Advocates Act defines ‘ Advocate ’ to mean an advocate entered in any roll under the provisions of the Act . In terms of Section 17(1 ) of the Act , every State Bar Council Shall prepare and maintain a roll of Advocates , in which shall be entered the names and addresses of 26