applies only to persons practising in litigious matters , that is , practising before Court and _ other authorities ? 48 . In the statements of Objects & Reasons for enacting the 1961 Act , it is stated that the main object of the Act is to establish All India Bar Council and a common roll of advocates and Advocate on the common roll having a right to practise in any part of the country and in any Court , including the Supreme Court . Thus , from the Statement of Objects and Reasons , it is seen that the 1961 Act is intended to apply to ( one ) persons practising the profession of law in any part of the country and ( two ) persons practising the profession of law in any Court including the Supreme Court . Thus , from the statement of objects and reasons it is evident that the 1961 Act is intended to apply not only to the persons practising before the Courts but it is also intended to apply to persons who are practising in non litigious matters outside the Court . 49 . Apart from the above , Section 29 of the 1961 Act specifically provides is that from the appointed day , there shall be only one class of persons entitled to practice the profession of law , namely Advocates . It is apparent that prior to the 1961 Act there were different classes of persons entitled to practise the profession of law and from the appointed day all these class of persons practising the profession of law , would form one class , namely , advocates . Thus , Section 29 of the 1961 Act clearly provides that from the appointed day only advocates are entitled to practise the profession of law whether before any Court / authority or outside the Court by way of practise in non litigious matters . 50 . Section 33 of the 1961 Act is a prohibitory section in the sense that it debars any person from appearing before any Court or authority unless he is enrolled as an advocate under the 1961 Act . The bar contained in Section 33 of the 1961 Act has nothing to do with the persons entitled to be enrolled as advocates 16