“ In an ICC arbitration , parties have the right to be represented by the persons of their choice . A distinction should however be made between “ authorized representatives ” and “ advisors ” . Usually , the parties have attorneys represent them in the arbitration . Thus , an attorney may have both capacities , but this may not always be the case . As an adviser , he or she would not need a power of attorney . On the other hand , as a representative of a party , he or she might need a power of attorney . In arbitration . The major centres of arbitration do not appear to have restrictions on the right of lawyers from other countries to argue cases in those countries , with the possible exception of California . ” The footnote 31 is as follows : “ See Birbower , Montabano , Condon & Frank , PC . v. The Superior Court of Santa Clara , 949 P2d 1 ( Cal . 1998 ) ; see also Holtzmann and Donovan , “ United States Country Report ” in ICCA Handbook , Supp . 28 ( Paulsson edn , 1999 ) . The California Rules of Court were modified in 2004 in order to permit any US qualified lawyer to represent a party in an arbitration ( r.966 ) . However , it remains unclear whether lawyers admitted to foreign bars can represent parties in national or international arbitration . ” Il ) Arbitration of Commercial Disputes International and English Law and _ Practice ( Andrew Tweeddale and Keren Tweeddale ) . Representation of the parties 10.15 . The right to legal representation at trial has existed both in the common law and in international treaties for centuries ° . However , ° See , for example , art 42 of the Statute of the International Court of Justice which states : ‘ 1 . The parties shall be represented by agents . 2 . They may have the assistance of counsel or advocates before the Court . 3 . The agents , counsel , and advocates of parties before the Court shall enjoy the privileges and immunities necessary to the independent exercise of their duties . ’ See also art 37 of the Hague Convention 1899 which states : ‘ The parties have the right to appoint delegates or special agents to attend the Tribunal , for the purpose of serving as intermediaries between them 38