26 . There was no possibility of such perfect matching of quantity , timing , prices etc . between the same parties unless there was prior meeting of minds or a specific understanding / arrangement between the parties . After referring to Ketan Parekh and Nirmal Bang cases , in SEBI v. Accord Capital Markets Ltd. ( MANU / SB/0136/2007 ) , SEBI held as under : " 4.12 | note that most of the synchronized trades executed by the Broker were perfectly matched with the counter party orders even with respect of the price to the extent of two decimal points . The proximity in placing the orders at the same price and for the same quantity almost at the same time ( in majority of the cases ) resulted in the matching of the aforesaid transactions , with all the ingredients i.e. quantity , price and the time , required to conclude the trades . The time difference ( between the buy and sell orders ) of majority of the synchronized trades was very less with the price and quantity matching . The said synchronization can not take place in the absence of any specific understanding / arrangement between the clients at the first instance , especially when the shares of the company were highly liquid at the time of the trades . 4.24 The proof of manipulation in the circumstances always depends on inferences drawn from a mass of factual details . Findings must be gathered from patterns of trading data and the nature of the transactions etc . Several circumstances of a determinative character coupled with the inference arising from the conduct of the parties in a major market manipulation could reasonably lead to conclusion that the Broker was responsible in the manipulation . The evidence , direct or circumstantial , should be sufficient to raise a presumption in its favour with regard to the existence of a fact sought to be proved . As pointed out by Best in " Law of Evidence " , the presumption of innocence is no doubt presumption juris ; but everyday practice shows that it may be successfully encountered by the presumption of guilt arising from circumstances , though it may be a presumption of fact . Since it is exceedingly difficult to prove facts which are especially within the knowledge of parties concerned , the legal proof in such 75