normal trade . " . \n the said circular , it was stated that " The above decision was taken as negotiated deals avoid transparency requirements , do not contribute to price discovery and some investors do not have benefit of the best possible price and militate against the basic concept of stock exchanges , which are meant to bring together a large number of buyers and sellers in an open manner . " . ( Reference : https://www.sebi.gov.in / legal / circulars / sep-1999 / negotiated - deals_186 29 . html ) 15 . In Ketan Parekh v. SEBI Manu / SB/0229/2006 , the Securities Appellate Tribunal ( SAT ) has considered the circumstances under which " Synchronized trade " will be legal and held as under : " There are yet another type of transactions which are commonly called synchronized deals . The word ‘ synchronise ’ according to the Oxford dictionary means " cause to occur at the same time ; be simultaneous " . A synchronized trade is one where the buyer and seller enter the quantity and price of the shares they wish to transact at substantially the same time . This could be done through the same broker ( termed a cross deal ) or through two different brokers . Every buy and sell order has to match before the deal can go through . This matching may take place through the stock exchange mechanism or off market . When it matches through the stock exchange , it may or may not be a synchronized deal depending on the time when the buy and sell orders are placed . There are deals which match off market i.e. , the buyer and the seller agree on the price and quantity and execute the transaction outside the market and then report the same to the exchange . These are also called negotiated transactions ...... It has recently issued a circular requiring all bulk deals to be transacted through the exchange even if the price and quantity are settled outside the market . When such deals go through the exchange , they are bound to synchronise . It would , therefore , follow that_a synchronized trade or a trade that matches off market is per se not illegal . Merely because a trade was crossed on the floor of the stock    65