efficiency of the securities market and the confidence of the investors . Prevention of market abuse and preservation of market integrity are the hallmark of securities law . In N. Narayanan v. Adjudicating Officer , Securities and Exchange Board of India ( 2013 ) 12 SCC 152 , it was held as under : " 33 . Prevention of market abuse and preservation of market integrity is the hallmark of securities law . Section 12-A read with Regulations 3 and 4 of the 2003 Regulations essentially intended to preserve “ market integrity ’ and to prevent “ market abuse ” . The object of the SEBI Act is to protect the interest of investors in securities and to promote the development and to regulate the securities market , so as to promote orderly , healthy growth of securities market and to promote investors ’ protection . Securities market is based on free and open access to information , the integrity of the market is predicated on the quality and the manner on which it is made available to market . “ Market abuse ” impairs economic growth and erodes investor ’s confidence . Market abuse refers to the use of manipulative and deceptive devices , giving out incorrect or misleading information , so as to encourage investors to jump into conclusions , on wrong premises , which is known to be wrong to the abusers . The statutory provisions mentioned earlier deal with the situations where a person , who deals in securities , takes advantage of the impact of an action , may be manipulative , on the anticipated impact on the market resulting in the “ creation of artificiality ” . The same can be achieved by inflating the company ’s revenue , profits , security deposits and receivables , resulting in price rise of the scrip of the company . Investors are then lured to make their “ investment decisions ” on those manipulated inflated results , using the above devices which will amount to market abuse . " 39 . In an interview , Lawrence E. Harris , a former chief economist at the Securities and Exchange Commission and now a Finance Professor at the University of Southern California , has stated that the difficulty in proving manipulation is probably an inherent feature of 83