statement , so appearing in evidence , may cause any person who in such proceeding is to form an opinion upon the evidence , to entertain an erroneous opinion touching any point material to the result of such proceeding , is said “ to fabricate false evidence ” .    193 . Punishment for false evidence . - Whoever intentionally gives false evidence in any stage of a judicial proceeding , or fabricates false evidence for the purpose of being used in any stage of a judicial proceeding , shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to seven years , an Shall also be liable to fine , and whoever intentionally gives or fabricates false evidence in any other case , shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to three years , and shall also be liable . Since there was no ‘ false evidence ’ , therefore the possibility of punishment — accruing to false evidence is ruled out .    203 . Giving false information respecting an offence committed . - Whoever knowing or having reason to believe that an offence has been committed , gives any _ information respecting that offence which he knows or believes to be false , shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to two years , or with fine , or with both . For the reasons already _ stated hereinabove , the present case does not meet the ingredients of this section , therefore is precluded from being prosecuted here . A mere opinion of a senior officer in an ACR does not amount to giving false information .      219 . Public servant in judicial proceeding corruptly making report , etc . , contrary to law . Whoever , being a _ public servant , corruptly or maliciously makes or pronounces in any stage of a judicial proceeding , any report , order verdict , or decision which he knows to be contrary to law , shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may    The denial of sanction to prosecute the two government servants against whom the Complainant/ Respondent no . 2 had originally filed an FIR can not be construed as _ making corrupt report therefore the case of the petitioner does not fall within the ambit of this provision .    9