113 . Arrest should be the last option and it should be restricted to those exceptional cases where arresting the accused is imperative in the facts and circumstances of that case . The court must carefully examine the entire available record and particularly the allegations which have been directly attributed to the accused and these allegations are corroborated by other material and circumstances on record . 114 . These are some of the factors which should be taken into consideration while deciding the anticipatory bail applications . These factors are by no means exhaustive but they are only illustrative in nature because it is difficult to clearly visualise all situations and circumstances in which a person may pray for anticipatory bail . If a wise discretion is exercised by the Judge concerned , after consideration of the entire material on record then most of the grievances in favour of grant of or refusal of bail will be taken care of The legislature in its wisdom has entrusted the power to exercise this jurisdiction only to the Judges of the superior courts . In consonance with the legislative intention we should accept the fact that the discretion would be properly exercised . In any event , the option of approaching the superior court against the Court of Session or the High Court is always available . Irrational and indiscriminate arrests are gross violation of human rights 115 . In Joginder Kumar case ( supra ) a three-/udge Bench of this Court has referred to the 3rd Report of the National Police Commission , in which it is mentioned that the quality of arrests by the police in India mentioned the power of arrest as one of the chief sources of corruption in the police . The Report suggested that , by and large , nearly 60 % of the arrests were either unnecessary or unjustified and that such unjustified police action accounted for 43.2 % of the expenditure of the Jails . 116 . Personal liberty is a very precious fundamental right and it should be curtailed only when it becomes imperative according to the peculiar facts and circumstances of the case . 117 . In case , the State considers the following suggestions in proper perspective then perhaps it may not be necessary to 51