otherwise dependability of the accusations in the complaint etc . , then it would be simply unwittingly and credulously playing in the hands of some scheming unscrupulous complainant in denying the justice . Virtually , it would be tentamount to abdicating and relegating its judicial duty , fanction of doing justice in such matters in favour and hands of such unscrupulous complainant by making him a Judge in his own cause . This is simply unthinkable and _ therefore impermissible . Whether the provisions of any particular Act and for that purpose the rules made thereunder are applicable to the facts of a particular case or not , is always and unquestionably a matter which lies strictly and exclusively within the domain of ‘ judicial consideration - discretion ' and therefore neither mere allegations made in the complainant by themselves nor bare denials by the accused can either automatically vest or divest the Court from discharging its ultimate judicial function - duty to closely scrutinise and test the _ prima _ facie dependability of the allegations made in the complaint and reach its own decision . 5 . Now reverting to the contents of the complaint and attending circumstances high lighted by Mr. Pardiwala , the learned Advocate for the petitioner - accused , the same prima facie clearly demonstrates that at this stage the story revealed by the complainant docs not appear to be free from doubt . If that is so , very applicability of the Atrocities Act is rendered doubtful . If that is the situation , then to refuse the anticipatory bail on mere accusations and assumptions that the petitioneraccused has committed an offence under the Atrocities Act would be absolutely illegal , unjudicious , unjust and ultimately a travesty of justice . No Court can ever embark upon such hazards of refusing anticipatory bail on mere doubtful accusations and assumptions that Atrocities Act is applicable . No Court could and should be permitted to bo ‘ spoon - fed ' by the complainant whatever he wants to feed and swallow whatever he wants the Court to gulp down to attain and secure his unjust mala fide motivated ends . Section 18 of the Atrocities Act gives a vision , direction and mandate to the Court as to the cases where the anticipatory bail must be refused , but it does not and it certainly can not whisk away the right of any Court to have a prima facie judicial 70