a term which shall not be less than one year but which may extend to the punishment provided for that offence .      Provisions of IPC alleged Applicability of the provisions in the facts of instant case      182 . False information , with intent to cause public servant to use his lawful power to the injury of another person . - Whoever gives to any public servant any information which he knows or believes to be false , intending thereby to cause , or knowing it to be likely that he will thereby cause , such public servant ( a ) to do or omit anything which such public servant ought not to do or omit if the true state of facts respecting which such information is given were known by him , or ( b ) to use the lawful power of such public servant to the injury or annoyance of any person , shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to six months , or with fine which may extend to one thousand rupees , or with both . A false information is an information which has been given deliberately with an _ intention to deceive . However , in this case denial of sanction for prosecution can not be construed as a false information in any way . It is an order of administrative authority . Therefore no case is made out under Section 182 of the code .      192 . Fabricating false evidence . whoever causes any circumstance to exist or * [ makes any false entry in any book or record , or electronic record or makes any document or electronic record containing a false statement , intending that such circumstance , false entry or false statement may appear in evidence in a judicial proceeding , or in a proceeding taken by law before a public servant as such , or before an arbitrator , and that such circumstance , false entry or false    The ingredients of Section 192 IPC is not made out therefore this section will not apply in the present case . It was not a judicial proceeding and the petitioner has neither fabricated false evidence nor made any false entry in any book , record or electronic data . Mere exercising of administrative power can not be construed as fabricating false evidence .