matters , dispute between an employee and employer , dispute between the subordinate and his superior - are given penal and the complaints are being filed either under Section 190 r / w . 200 or FI.Rs . at the police station . The matter in hand is one another example of misuse of the Act . As observed by me earlier , the purpose of bringing SC and ST Act is to put - down the atrocities committed on the members of the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes . The law enforcing authorities must bear in mind that it can not be misused to settle other disputes between the parties like the case one in hand , which is alien to the provisions contemplated under the laudable Act . An Act enacted for laudable purpose can also become unreasonable , when it is exercised over - zealously by the enforcing authorities for extraneous reasons . It is for the authorities to guard against such misuse of power conferred on them . 49 . Passing mechanically orders by the Court of Magistrates in complaint and/or registration of the FILR . at the Police Station , which do not have any criminal element , causes great hardships , humiliation , inconvenience and harassment to the citizens . For no reasons the reputation of the citizen is put to stake as immediately after the said orders are passed , innocent citizens are turned as accused . One should not overlook the fact that there is Section-18 in the Atrocities Act , which imposes a bar so far as the grant of anticipatory bail is concerned , if the offence is one under the Atrocities Act . If a person is accused having committed murder , dacoity , rape , etc . , he can pray for anticipatory bail under Section-438 of the CrPC . on the ground that he is innocent and has been falsely involved , but if a person alleged to have committed an offence under the Atrocities Act , can not pray for an anticipatory bail because of the bar of Section-18 of the Act , and he would get arrested . This is the reason for the authorities to guard against any misuse of the Provisions of the Atrocities Act . ” 24