convicted of the offence in respect of which he seeks bail and who must therefore be presumed to be innocent . The validity of that section must accordingly be examined by the test of fairness and reasonableness which is implicit in Article 21 . If the legislature itself were to impose an unreasonable restriction on the grant of anticipatory bail , such a restriction could have been struck down as being violative of Article 21 . Therefore , while determining the scope of Section 438 , the court should not impose any unfair or unreasonable limitation on the individual ’s right to obtain an order of anticipatory bail . Imposition of an unfair or unreasonable limitation , according to the learned Counsel , would be violative of Article 21 , irrespective of whether it is imposed by legislation or by judicial decision . 13 . ...... The High Court and the Court of Session to whom the application for anticipatory bail is made ought to be left free in the exercise of their judicial discretion to grant bail if they consider it fit so to do on the particular facts and circumstances of the case and on such conditions as the case may warrant . .... 21 . .... ... A wise exercise of judicial power inevitably takes care of the evil consequences which are likely to flow out of its intemperate use . ... 26 . We find a great deal of substance in Mr. Tarkunde ’s submission that since denial of bail amounts to deprivation of personal liberty , the court should lean against the imposition of unnecessary restrictions on the scope of Section 438 , especially when no such restrictions have been imposed by the legislature in the terms of that section . Section 438 is a procedural provision which is concerned with the personal liberty of the individual , who is entitled to the benefit of the presumption of innocence since he is not , on the date of his application for anticipatory bail , convicted of the offence in respect of which he seeks bail . An over - generous infusion of constraints and conditions which are not to be found in Section 438 15