“ Relevance and importance of personal liberty 36 . All human beings are born with some unalienable rights like life , liberty and pursuit of happiness . The importance of these natural rights can be found in the fact that these are fundamental for their proper existence and no other right can be enjoyed without the presence of right to life and liberty . Life bereft of liberty would be without honour and dignity and it would lose all significance and meaning and the life itself would not be worth living . That is why “ liberty ” is called the very quintessence of a civilised existence . ... 52 . The fundamental rights represent the basic values enriched by the people of this country . The aim behind having elementary right of the individual such as the Right to Life and Liberty is not fulfilled as desired by the Framers of the Constitution . It is to preserve and protect certain basic human rights against interference by the State . The inclusion of a chapter in the Constitution is in accordance with the trends of modern democratic thought . The object is to ensure the inviolability of certain essential rights against political vicissitudes . ... 54 , Life and personal liberty are the most prized possessions of an individual . The inner urge for freedom is a natural phenomenon of every human being . Respect for life , liberty and property is not merely a norm or a policy of the State but an essential requirement of any civilised society . 64 . The object of Article 21 is to prevent encroachment upon personal liberty in any manner . Article 21 is repository of all human rights essential for a person or a citizen . A fruitful and meaningful life presupposes life full of dignity , honour , health and welfare . In the modern “ Welfare Philosophy ” , it is for the State to ensure these essentials of life to all its citizens , and if possible to non - citizens . While invoking the provisions of Article 21 , and by referring to the oftquoted statement of Joseph Addison , “ Better to die ten thousand deaths than wound my honour ” , the Apex Court in Khedat Mazdoor Chetna Sangath v. State of M.P ( 1994 ) 6 SCC 260 posed to itself a question “ If dignity or honour vanishes what remains of life ? ” This is the significance of the Right to Life and Personal Liberty guaranteed under the Constitution of India in its Third Part . ... 47