44 , In Article 11(1 ) of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights ( 1948 ) it is stated : “ Everyone charged with a penal offence has the right to be presumed innocent until proved guilty according to law .... ” Similar provisions have been made in Article 6.2 of the European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms ( 1950 ) and Article 14.2 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights ( 1966 ) . XXX XXXX XXX XXX 47 . We may notice that Sachs , j. in State v. Coetzee [ 1997(2 ) LRC 593 ] explained the significance of the presumption of innocence in the following terms : “ There is a paradox at the heart of all criminal procedure in that the more serious the crime and the greater the public interest in securing convictions of the guilty , the more important do constitutional protections of the accused become . The starting point of any balancing enquiry where constitutional rights are concerned must be that the public interest in ensuring that innocent people are not convicted and subjected to ignominy and heavy sentences massively outweighs the public interest in ensuring that a particular criminal is brought to book . ... Hence the presumption of innocence , which serves not only to protect a particular individual on trial , but to maintain public confidence in the enduring integrity and security of the legal system . Reference to the prevalence and severity of a certain crime therefore does not add anything new or special to the balancing exercise . The perniciousness of the offence is one of the givens , against which the presumption of innocence is pitted from the beginning , not a new element to be put into the scales as part of a justificatory balancing exercise . If this were not so , the ubiquity and ugliness argument could be used in relation to murder , rape , carjacking , housebreaking , drug - smuggling , corruption ... the list is unfortunately almost endless , and nothing would be left of the presumption of innocence , save , perhaps , for its relic status as a doughty defender of rights in the most trivial of cases . ” 76