88 . The gravity of charge and the exact role of the accused must be properly comprehended . Before arrest , the arresting officer must record the valid reasons which have led to the arrest of the accused in the case diary . In exceptional cases the reasons could be _ recorded immediately after the arrest , so that while dealing with the bail application , the remarks and observations of the arresting officer can also be properly evaluated by the court . 89 . It is imperative for the courts to carefully and with meticulous precision evaluate the facts of the case . The discretion must be exercised on the basis of the available material and the facts of the particular case . In cases where the court is of the considered view that the accused has joined investigation and he is fully cooperating with the investigating agency and is not likely to abscond , in that event , custodial interrogation should be avoided . 90 . A great ignominy , humiliation and disgrace is attached to the arrest . Arrest leads to many serious consequences not only for the accused but for the entire family and at times for the entire community . Most people do not make any distinction between arrest at a pre - conviction stage or post - conviction stage . 110 . The Law Commission in July 2002 has severely criticised the police of our country for the arbitrary use of power of arrest which , the Commission said , is the result of the vast discretionary powers conferred upon them by this Code . The Commission expressed concern that there is no internal mechanism within the Police Department to prevent misuse of law in this manner and the stark reality that complaint lodged in this regard does not bring any result . The Commission intends to suggest amendments in the Criminal Procedure Code and has invited suggestions from various quarters . Reference is made in this article to the 41st Report of the Law Commission wherein the Commission saw “ no justification ” to require a person to submit to custody , remain in prison for some days and then apply for bail even when there are reasonable grounds for holding that the person accused of an offence is not likely to abscond or otherwise misuse his liberty . Discretionary power to order anticipatory bail is required to be exercised keeping in mind these sentiments and spirit 49