substantial volume of the law governing the lives of citizens and regulating the functions of the State flows from the decisions of the superior Courts . " There was a time , " observed Lord Reid , " When it was thought almost indecent to suggest that Judges make law They only declare it .... But we do not believe in fairly tales any more . " " The Judge as Law Maker " , p. 22 . In countries such as the United Kingdom , where Parliament as the legislative organ is supreme and stands at the apex of the constitutional structure of the State , the role played by judicial law - making is limited . In the first place the function of the Courts is restricted to the interpretation of laws made by Parliament , and the Courts have no power to question the validity of Parliamentary statutes , the Diceyan dictum holding true that the British Parliament is paramount and all powerful . In the second place , the law enunciated in every decision of the Courts in England can be superseded by an Act of Parliament . As Cockburn C.J. observed in Exp . Canon Selwyn ( 1872 ) 36 JP Jo 54 : There is no judicial body in the country by which the validity of an Act of Parliament could be questioned . An act of the Legislature is superior in authority to any Court of Law . And Ungoed Thomas J. , in Cheney v. Conn , ( 1968 ) 1 All ER 779 referred to a Parliamentary statute as " the highest form of law ... which prevails over every other form of law . " The position is substantially different under a written Constitution such as the one which governs us . The Constitution of India , which represents the Supreme Law of the land , envisages three distinct organs of the State , each with its own distinctive functions , each a pillar of the State . Broadly , while Parliament and the State Legis / ature fin India enact the law and the Executive Government implements it , the judiciary sits in judgment not only on the implementation of the law by the Executive but also on the validity of the Legislation sought to be 36