scrutiny of the allegations made in the complaint . Nor can it under its hunch permit provisions of law being abused to suit the mala fide motivated ends of some unscrupulous complainant . In this case also if indeed this Court been satisfied with the story revealed by the complainant as _ truthful and genuine , then anticipatory bail would have been surely rejected right forth as a matter of course , but since the submissions of Mr Pardiwala _ have considerable force , this Court has no alternative but to accept the same in the larger interests of justice to see that merely on the count of the firsthand prejudice attempted to be caused by allegations in the complaint , the petitioner - accused is not denied his precious right of the anticipatory bail . 6 . In view of the aforesaid discussion , though in a way the learned A.P.P. is absolutely right when he submitted that no anticipatory bail can be granted to the petitioner - accused because of Section 18 of the Atrocities Act , in the opinion of this Court , his submission fails because at this stage it is too difficult to rule out the _ probability of the accusations levelled by the complainant against the petitioner - accused having committed an offence under the Atrocities Act being false , vexatious and by way of counterblast as stemming from the ulterior motive to humiliate , disgrace and demoralise the petitioner - accused who is a public servant . When that is the result and position , there is no question of bypassing of Section 18 of the Atrocities Act arises as apprehended by the learned A.P.P. Taking into consideration the facts and circumstances of this particular case , and in view of the aforesaid discussion , this Misc . Criminal Application for anticipatory bail deserves to be allowed and is allowed accordingly ” 62 . The above view was reiterated in Dr. N.T. Desai ( supra ) , after considering the judgment of this Court in Balothia ( supra ) . It was observed that even taking Section 18 of the Atrocities Act to be valid , if the Court , prima - facie , found the story of 71