members of S.Cs . and S.Ts . are unabatedly going on since last hundreds of years and in the recent past have become alarmingly increasing and has become so rampant , breath taking and has reached such a desperate pass that it indeed needed a very stringent and desperate legislation which could help save the situation by effectively providing the legal protection to such cursed , crushed and downtrodden members of S.Cs . & S.Ts . communities . Under such circumstances , it is equally the paramount duty of every Court to see that it responds to legislative concern and call and ensure effective implementation of the Atrocities Act , by seeing that the provisions enshrined in the said Act are duly complied with . But then , what according to this Court is the most welcome step by way of collective wisdom of the Parliament in ushering social beneficial legislation can not be permitted to be abused and converted into an instrument to blackmail to wreak some personal vengeance for settling and _ scoring ’ personal vendetta or by way of some counter - blasts against opponents some public servants , as prima facie appears to have been done in the present case . The basic questions in such circumstances therefore areWhether a torch which is lighted to dispel the darkness can it be permitted to set on fire the innocent surroundings ? Whether a _ knife ’ an instrument which is meant for saving human life by using the same in the course of operation by a surgeon , can it be permitted to be used in taking the life of some innocent ? The very same fundamental question arises in the facts and circumstances of this case also , viz . , ' whether any statute like the present Atrocities Act , especially enacted for the purposes of protecting weaker sections of the society hailing from S.C. & S.T. communities can be permitted to be abused by conveniently converting the same into a weapon of wrecking personal vengeance on the opponents ? ' The answer to this question is undoubtedly and obviously ' No ' . Under such circumstances , if the Courts are to apply such provision of Section 18 of the Atrocities Act quite mechanically and blindly merely guided by some general and popular prejudices based on some _ words and _ tricky accusations in the complaint on mere assumptions without intelligently scrutinising and testing the probabilities , truthfulness , genuineness and 69