case if ultimately at the end of trial what the accused has submitted in defence is accepted as probable or true and as a result , the accused is given a clean bill , holding that the complaint was nothing else but false , concoction by way of spite to wreck the personal vengeance then in that case what indeed would be the remedy and redresses in the hands of the petitioner , who in the instant case is Doctor by profession and for that purpose in other cases an innocent citizen ? He stands not only stigmatised by filing of a false complaint against him but he shall stand further subjected to trial ! ! Not only that but before that even subjected to arrest before the public eye and taken to Special Court where only he could pray for bail ! Thus , subjected to all sort of agonies , pains and sufferings lowering his image and esteem in the eye of public because the Court when approached adopted the helpless attitude ? Under such bewildering circumstances , what indeed would be the face of the Court and the fate of the Administration of Justice denying bail to some victimised innocent accused at crucial stage when he surrenders to the Court custody for the purpose ? ! ! Should the Court proclaiming doing justice stand befooled at the hands of some mischievous complainant with head - down in shame ! ! Supposing for giving false evidence before the Court , the complainant is ordered to be prosecuted , but then will such prosecutions of complainant bring back the damage already done to an innocent ! ! Bearing in mind this most embarrassing and excruciating situation created by _ the complainant when , this Court as a Constitutional functionary is duty bound to zealously protect the liberty of citizen , should it be helplessly watching and passively surrendering itself to sometimes prima facie ex - facie malicious complaint denying simple bail to the accused ? In this regard , perhaps , it may be idly said that accused can be given compensation for the malicious prosecution 22