109 ( DANICS ) and Delhi , Andaman and Nicobar Islands , Lakshdweep , Daman & Diu and Dadra & Nagar Haveli Police Services ( DANIPS ) . In the counter affidavit filed by the Union of India , it is stated as under : " OQ . cece DANICS / DANIPS officers are posted in Delhi , Andaman & Nicobar Islands , Lakshdweep , Daman & Diu and Dadra & Nagar Haveli . The recruitment to all the Union Territories for these Group B posts are common . They are also centralised and the appointing authority is none other than Ministry of Home Affairs , Government of India . The recruitment to these services is the very same examination meant for the All India Services ( IAS / IPS ) on the one hand and the Central Civil Services Group A on the other . Any citizen of India is eligible to apply , Subject to the conditions prescribed . As per service rules , transfer undertakings throughout the Union Territories covered under DANICS / DANIPS is taken from these officers . b. This is the reason why the Union of India while inviting applications for recruitment considers all candidates , including reserved candidates on all India basis . Group B cadre of DANICS and DANIPS is the feeder cadre for IAS and IPS respectively . They retire invariably in these offices , some of them reaching high positions in the central government . c. As indicated above recruitment to the All India Services , CCS Group A as well as CCS Group B ( Gazetted ) is conducted through UPSC in the Civil Services Examination , the applicants are common when the applications are made , every aspirant seeks recruitment to the services and it is only as per the marks and ranking that allocations are made eventually to All India Services , Group A and Group B. Therefore , when UPSC undertakes the recruitment , it is naturally a PAN India recruitment and therefore it is necessary to seek applications including from reserved candidates from all over India . ” Central Civil Services — Group C:50 . There are five services under Central Civil Services — Group ‘ C ’ under CCS ( CCA ) Rules . Some of the posts noted in Group ‘ C ’ and their appointing authorities are as under : 28 Para No . 6(ii ) of the Counter Affidavit filed by the Union of India at Pg . No.4 - 5