7 have been filed on mere conjectures and surmises . That apart , the office was required to be place the matter before the Court for appropriate orders under Rule 284 only if the objections were not removed within the time fixed or as per the order , if any , passed by the Court under Rule 283 . 33 . The petitioner in the reply to the said application , while denying the said allegation , has stated on oath that the petitioner had removed all the objections before the petition was actually placed before the Court for consideration . Pertinently , the petition could be placed before the Court for consideration under Rule 285 , only after the removal of the office objections , otherwise the matter would be placed for appropriate orders by the office for non - removal of the objections as per Rule 284 . No such orders were sought by the office under Rule 284 , meaning thereby it has to be resumed that the office after scrutiny of the petition , and after removal of office objections by the petitioner had placed the matter for consideration before the Court . As held by the Supreme Court in case of Chandrakant Uttam ( supra ) , the scrutiny of election petition is one of the administrative functions to be performed by the officers of the High Court , and such an act would draw a presumption of having been performed in terms of Section 114(e ) of the Evidence Act . 34 . It is also pertinent to note that after the matter was placed before the court as per the roster , the Court had issued summons to the respondents on 21.08.2017 , directing the respondents to appear before the Court on 21.09.2017 . Thereafter the learned Advocate Mr. Champaneri appearing for the Respondent No.1 had stated that he had filed a separate application seeking further time to file written statement . Thereafter the matter was directed to be placed on 06.10.2017 . In the meantime , the respondent No.1 had filed the written statement and the present applications on 4.10.2017 . At no point of time after the filing of the appearance , the learned Advocate for the applicant ( original respondent No.1 ) had raised such contention to the effect that the petition was placed for consideration before the Court without removing all office objections . It is true that on presentation of the petition on 18.08.2017 , the office had pointed out the office objections ie . No.19 , 22 and 23 listed in the prescribed check - list in Form B. office objection No.19 is as to whether paging is