13 Act , 1951 , shall be by petition addressed to the Honorable the Chief Justice and Judges of the High Court . ( ii ) The petition shall comply with the provisions of sections 81 , 82 , 83 and 84 of the Act and the grounds on which the relief are sought shall be clearly stated in the petition which shall be arranged in suitable paragraphs consecutively numbered . The relief sought should be set out at the end of the petition . ( iii ) |The full names and the full addresses of all the parties to the petition for service of any process shall be stated in the petition . In addition to the permanent residence and addresses of the respondent the present address of the respondent at which service of the notice may be effected , shall be stated in the petition . ” “ 283 . Examination of petition . The office shall examine the petition with a view to see whether it is in conformity with the requirements of law and rules applicable to the same , and if it is not in conformity with law and rules , raise objections which should be removed by the party or the Advocate concerned . The office shall complete the examination within two days after filing of the petition and shall bring the office objections to the notice of the party or the Advocate on the date fixed for attendance under rule 282(ii ) and such objections shall be removed , subject to the orders of the Court , if any , within three days thereafter . ” “ 284 . Petition to be placed for orders if objection not removed . Immediately after the expiration of time fixed for the removal of objections , the petition shall be placed before the Judge for appropriate orders . ” “ 285 . Petition to be placed for orders after removal of office objections . ( i ) | After the removal of office objections , the petition shall be placed before the Judge for consideration as to whether the petition is liable to be dismissed under section 86(1 ) of the Act . If the petition is not dismissed under section 86(1 ) of the Act , the Judge shall direct issue of summons upon the respondent ; and the summons shall be issued to the