the appellant or applicant had sufficient cause for not preferring the appeal or making the application within the prescribed period . Section 5 of the Limitation Act , 1963 has no application to an application challenging an arbitral award under Section 34 of the 1996 Act . This has been settled by this Court in its decision in Union of India v Popular Construction Company ’ , where it held as follows — “ As far as the language of Section 34 of the 1996 Act is concerned , the crucial words are “ but not thereafter ” used in the proviso to sub - section ( 3 ) . In our opinion , this phrase would amount to an express exclusion within the meaning of Section 29(2 ) of the Limitation Act , and would therefore bar the application of Section 5 of that Act . Parliament did not need to go further . To hold that the court could entertain an application to set aside the award beyond the extended period under the proviso , would render the phrase “ but not thereafter ” wholly otiose . No principle of interpretation would justify such a result . ... Here the history and scheme of the 1996 Act support the conclusion that the time - limit prescribed under Section 34 to challenge an award is absolute and unextendible by court under Section 5 of the Limitation Act ... ” 10 Section 14 of the Limitation Act , 1963 provides thus : “ 14 . Exclusion of time of proceeding bona fide in court without jurisdiction . — ( 1 ) In computing the period of limitation for any suit the time during which the plaintiff has been prosecuting with due diligence another civil proceeding , whether in a court of first instance or of appeal or revision , against the defendant shall be excluded , where the proceeding relates to the same matter in issue and is prosecuted in good faith in a court which , from defect of jurisdiction or other cause of a like nature , is unable to entertain it . ( 2 ) In computing the period of limitation for any application , the time during which the applicant has been prosecuting with due diligence another civil proceeding , whether in a court of 7 ( 2001 ) 8 SCC 470 at para 12 and 14