contrary , this Court finds that Section 43 makes the provisions of the Limitation Act , 1963 applicable to arbitration proceedings . The proceedings under Section 34 are for the purpose of challenging the award whereas the proceeding referred to under Section 43 are the original proceedings which can be equated with a suit in a court . Hence , Section 43 incorporating the Limitation Act will apply to the proceedings in the arbitration as it applies to the proceedings of a suit in the court . Sub - section ( 4 ) of Section 43 , inter alia , provides that where the court orders that an arbitral award be set aside , the period between the commencement of the arbitration and the date of the order of the court shall be excluded in computing the time prescribed by the Limitation Act , 1963 , for the commencement of the proceedings with respect to the dispute so submitted . If the period between the commencement of the arbitration proceedings till the award is set aside by the court , has to be excluded in computing the period of limitation provided for any proceedings with respect to the dispute , there is no good reason as to why it should not be held that the provisions of Section 14 of the Limitation Act would be applicable to an application submitted under Section 34 of the Act of 1996 , more particularly where no provision is to be found in the Act of 1996 , which excludes the applicability of Section 14 of the Limitation Act , to an application made under Section 34 of the Act . It is to be noticed that the powers under Section 34 of the Act can be exercised by the court only if the aggrieved party makes an application . The jurisdiction under Section 34 of the Act , can not be exercised suo motu . The total period of four months within which an application , for setting aside an arbitral award , has to be made is not unusually long . Section 34 of the Act of 1996 would be unduly oppressive , if it is held that the provisions of Section 14 of the Limitation Act are not applicable to it , because cases are no doubt conceivable where an aggrieved party , despite exercise of due diligence and good faith , is unable to make an application within a period of four months . From the scheme and language of Section 34 of the Act of 1996 , the intention of the legislature to exclude the applicability of Section 14 of the Limitation Act is not manifest . It is well to remember that Section 14 of the Limitation Act does not provide for a fresh period of limitation but only provides for the exclusion of a certain period . Having regard to the legislative intent , it will have to be held that the provisions of Section 14 of the Limitation Act , 1963 would be applicable to an application submitted under Section 34 of the Act of 1996 for setting aside an arbitral award . ”